kahAz: pronoun
kin: pronoun
badZA: adjective
camadZA: adjective
camadZI: noun
GadZA: adjective
ladZakA: adjective
padZA: verb
xo: noun
xOdZA: verb
xUra: adjective
ganwavya: noun
guma: adjective
saca: noun
manwrI: noun
aBAgA: adjective
aBAgI: adjective
abalA: noun
ABAra: noun
ABAsa: noun
abAXa: adjective
AbAxa: noun
AbAxI: noun
aBaxra: adjective
AbaxXa: adjective
aBaya: adjective
aBiBARaNa: noun
aBiBUwa: adjective
aBilARA: noun
aBiliKiwa: adjective
aBimAna: noun
aBimAnI: noun
aBimawa: adjective
aBinaMxana: noun
aBinava: adjective
aBinaya: noun
aBinewA: noun
aBinIwa: adjective
aBinna: adjective
aBiprAya: noun
aBiprewa: adjective
aBiReka: noun
aBiruci: noun
aBiSapwa: adjective
aBivyakwa: adjective
aBivyakwi: noun
aBiyaMwA: noun
aBiyojana: noun
aBUwapUrva: adjective
aByAsa: noun
aByaswa: adjective
aByuxaya: noun
acala: adjective
Acamana: noun
acaMBA: noun
acaMBiwa: adjective
AcAra: noun
acaraja: noun
acCAI: noun
acCA: adjective
AcCAxana: noun
AcCAxiwa: adjective
acewa: adjective
acewana: adjective
aCUwA: adjective
Ada: noun
addA: adjective
adiga: adjective
AgAha: noun
Aga: noun
AgajanI: noun
agala: noun
agalA: adjective
agama: adjective
Agama: noun
Agamana: noun
agamya: adjective
agaswa: noun
agaswya: noun
agavAnI: noun
agAXa: adjective
Agneya: adjective
AgoSa: noun
Agraha: noun
agrAhya: adjective
agrima: adjective
aguAI: noun
ahama: adjective
ahaMkAra: noun
AhAra: noun
Ahata: noun
ahAwA: adjective
ahiMsA: noun
Ahuwi: noun
AhvAna: noun
AInA: adjective
ajA: noun
Ajakala: noun
kala: noun
ajanabI: adjective
ajanma: noun
ajanmA: adjective
ajavAina: noun
ajAwaSawru: noun
AjAxa: noun
AjAxI: noun
ajaya: noun
AjFA: noun
ajFAwa: adjective
ajFAwavAsa: noun
ajIba: adjective
ajI: noun
ajIja: adjective
AjIvana: noun
AjIvikA: noun
ajiwa: adjective
ajIwa: adjective
ajUbA: adjective
akabara: noun
akabarI: noun
Akalana: noun
aKaMda: adjective
aKaMdawA: noun
AkAMkRA: noun
akAraNa: noun
AkarRaka: noun
AkarRaNa: noun
AkarRiwa: adjective
AkASa: noun
akasara: adjective
AkASavANI: noun
Akasmika: noun
akAtya: adjective
akAuMteMta: noun
akAxamI: noun
akelA: adjective
akelI: adjective
aKila: adjective
aKileSa: noun
AKira: noun
AkqRta: noun
akRama: adjective
AkrAmaka: adjective
AkramaNa: noun
AkrAMwa: adjective
akRamya: adjective
akRawa: adjective
akRaya: adjective
AkroSa: noun
akRuNNa: adjective
AksIjana: noun
akuSala: adjective
akUwa: adjective
akwUbara: noun
AKyAna: noun
alabama: noun
alaga: adjective
alagAva: noun
AlA: adjective
alaKa: noun
Alama: noun
alamArI: noun
alaMkaraNa: noun
alaMkqwa: adjective
Alasa: noun
AleKa: noun
alI: noun
AlISAna: adjective
allAha: noun
AlocanA: noun
alOkika: adjective
Alokiwa: adjective
alpa: adjective
alpakAlika: adjective
alpasaMKya: adjective
amacUra: noun
amalA: noun
amala: noun
AmaMwraNa: noun
AmaMwriwa: adjective
amAna: adjective
amana: noun
amAnawa: noun
amAnuRa: adjective
amara: noun
amaranAWa: noun
amarasiMha: noun
amarawA: noun
amarIkA: noun
amarIkana: adjective
amarIkI: adjective
amarwya: adjective
AmAxA: adjective
Amaxa: noun
AmaxanI: noun
aMbAra: noun
aMbikA: noun
aMda: noun
aMdA: adjective
aNdA: adjective
aMdAkAra: adjective
amerikA: adjective
amerikana: adjective
aMgIkAra: noun
aMgulI: noun
amita: adjective
amiwa: adjective
aMjali: noun
aMjalI: noun
aMjAma: noun
aMjanA: noun
aMjanI: noun
aMkana: noun
aMkiwa: adjective
aMkuSa: noun
amla: noun
Amoxa: noun
amqwA: noun
amqwa: noun
aMSaxAna: noun
amuka: adjective
AmUla: noun
amUlya: adjective
aMwaHkaraNa: noun
aMwa: noun
aMwarAla: noun
aMwaraMga: adjective
aMwararARtrIya: adjective
aMwargawa: adjective
AMwarika: noun
aMwarikRa: noun
aMwarima: adjective
aMwarrARtrIya: adjective
aMwima: adjective
aMXa: noun
aMXA: adjective
aMxAja: noun
aMxAjA: noun
aMxara: noun
aMXAXuMXa: noun
aMXera: noun
aMXerA: adjective
aMxeSA: adjective
AMxolanakArI: noun
AMXra: noun
anabana: noun
anaginawa: adjective
anahonI: noun
Ana: noun
AnA: adjective
anajAna: adjective
anaMga: noun
anamola: adjective
anaMwa: adjective
AnaMxa: noun
Anana: noun
ananumoxana: noun
Ananxa: noun
ananya: adjective
anapaDa: adjective
anAraxAnA: adjective
anarha: adjective
anarWa: noun
anasunA: adjective
anasunI: adjective
anAvaraNa: noun
anAvaSyaka: adjective
ANavika: adjective
anAvqwwa: adjective
anaxeKA: adjective
anaxeKI: adjective
anaXika: adjective
anEcCika: adjective
anekAneka: adjective
anekawA: noun
anEwika: adjective
anicCA: noun
anila: noun
aniRta: noun
aniruxXa: adjective
anirvacanIya: adjective
aniSciwa: adjective
anivArya: noun
aniyamiwa: adjective
aniyamiwawA: noun
anna: noun
anoKA: noun
anuBUwi: noun
anuciwa: noun
anugraha: noun
aNu: noun
anujFA: noun
anujFAwa: adjective
anukrama: noun
anukUla: adjective
anukUlA: noun
anukUlana: noun
anukUliwa: adjective
anulagna: adjective
anumoxana: noun
anumoxiwa: adjective
anunAsika: adjective
anupalabXa: adjective
anupAlana: noun
anupama: adjective
anupasWiwa: adjective
anupAwa: noun
AnupAwika: adjective
anupayukwa: adjective
anuprANiwa: adjective
anurAga: noun
AnuRaMgika: adjective
anurAXA: noun
anuRTAna: noun
anurUpa: adjective
anuSaMsA: noun
anuSaMsiwa: adjective
anusaraNa: noun
anuSAsana: noun
anuSAsiwa: adjective
anusUcI: noun
anUTA: adjective
AnuvaMSika: adjective
anuvarwana: noun
anuvAxa: noun
anuwpAxaka: adjective
anuxiwa: adjective
anya: adjective
anyaxeSIya: adjective
anyAya: noun
anyAyapUrNa: adjective
anyUna: adjective
ApabIwI: noun
apaBraMSa: noun
apaharwA: noun
apahqwa: adjective
ApA: noun
apakRaya: noun
aPalAwUna: noun
apamAnajanaka: adjective
apamAniwa: adjective
apaMga: adjective
apanA: adjective
apanApana: noun
apara: adjective
apAra: adjective
aparAjeya: adjective
apAraxarSiwA: noun
aparihArya: adjective
aparimiwa: adjective
aparipakva: adjective
aparyApwa: adjective
Apasa: noun
apasAraNa: noun
ApasI: noun
aPasosa: noun
apavarjana: noun
apaviwra: adjective
ApAwa: noun
apAwra: adjective
ApaxA: noun
apekRA: noun
apekRiwa: adjective
apIla: noun
aPIma: noun
APisara: noun
apracaliwa: adjective
aprAkqwika: adjective
aprawima: adjective
aprawyakRa: adjective
aprawyASiwa: adjective
aprEla: noun
apriya: adjective
apUrva: adjective
ApUrwi: noun
arahara: noun
arAjaka: adjective
arAjakawA: noun
ArakRiwa: adjective
ArAma: noun
AramBa: noun
AraMBika: noun
arasA: adjective
ArasI: noun
arAvalI: noun
ArawI: noun
ArAXya: adjective
arcanA: noun
Ardara: noun
arha: adjective
arhawA: noun
arhiwa: adjective
arjana: noun
arjI: noun
arjiwa: adjective
arjuna: noun
ArmI: noun
Arogya: noun
Aropiwa: adjective
arpiwa: adjective
Arta: noun
aRtamI: noun
aruMXawI: noun
aruNa: adjective
aruNA: noun
aruNoxaya: noun
arWapUrNa: adjective
arWaSAswra: noun
arWavyavasWA: noun
arWI: noun
ArWika: adjective
arXAMginI: noun
arxXa: adjective
asahamawa: adjective
asahAya: adjective
asahayoga: noun
asahya: adjective
ASA: noun
Asa: noun
aSakwa: adjective
Asakwi: noun
asala: adjective
asaliyawa: noun
asama: adjective
asamAna: adjective
AsamAna: noun
asamAnawA: noun
asAmAnya: adjective
asamarWa: adjective
asamarWawA: noun
asamaya: noun
asAmayika: adjective
asaMBava: adjective
asaMgawa: adjective
asamiyA: noun
ASaMkA: noun
asaMKya: adjective
aSAMwa: noun
asaMwoRa: noun
asaMwuRta: adjective
asakRama: adjective
AsAna: noun
AsAnI: noun
Asanna: adjective
asaPala: adjective
asaPalawA: noun
asara: noun
AsAra: noun
asAXAraNa: adjective
asAXya: adjective
AScaryacakiwa: noun
AScarya: noun
AScaryajanaka: noun
aseMbalI: noun
asEnika: adjective
asi: noun
ASika: adjective
ASikI: noun
aSikRiwa: adjective
asIma: adjective
asImiwa: adjective
AsIna: adjective
aSiRtawA: noun
asisteMta: adjective
aSlIla: adjective
aSoka: adjective
aspaRta: adjective
aSuBa: adjective
asurakRA: noun
asuviXA: noun
asuviXAjanaka: adjective
ASuwoRa: noun
asvABAvika: adjective
asvasWa: adjective
ASvaswa: adjective
asvasWawA: noun
asvIkAra: noun
AsWA: noun
aswa: noun
asWira: adjective
aswiwva: noun
atakalabAjI: noun
atala: adjective
atArI: noun
atUta: adjective
Auta: noun
AvaBagawa: noun
avagAhana: noun
AvAgamana: noun
avagawa: adjective
avahelanA: noun
AvAjAhI: noun
avakASa: noun
avakASaprApwa: adjective
avalaMbiwa: adjective
avalokana: noun
avamAna: noun
AvaMtana: noun
avanI: noun
AvArAgarxI: noun
avara: adjective
AvArA: noun
avaroXaka: adjective
avaruxXa: adjective
Avarwaka: adjective
avasAna: noun
avasAxa: noun
avaSiRta: adjective
avasWA: noun
avasWiwa: adjective
AvaSyaka: adjective
AvaSyakawA: noun
avaXa: noun
avaXAraNA: noun
avaXAraNa: noun
avaXi: noun
avayaska: adjective
avEXa: adjective
Avexaka: adjective
Avexana: noun
avikasiwa: adjective
AvirBAva: noun
AviRkqwa: adjective
avismaraNIya: adjective
aviSvasanIya: adjective
avivAhiwa: adjective
Avqwi: noun
Avqwwi: noun
Avrajana: noun
avvala: adjective
avyavasWA: noun
avyavasWiwa: adjective
aWaka: adjective
AwaMka: noun
AwaMkavAxa: noun
AwaMkiwa: noun
awikramaNa: noun
awirikwa: adjective
AwiSabAjI: noun
awisAra: noun
awIwa: noun
awiWi: noun
AwiWya: noun
Awmabala: noun
AwmahawyA: noun
AwmA: noun
AwmajFAna: noun
AwmakaWA: noun
AwmanirBara: noun
AwmanirBarawA: noun
AwmanirNaya: noun
AwmasamarpaNa: noun
AwmasammAna: noun
AwmaviSvAsa: noun
Awmika: noun
awula: adjective
awulanIya: adjective
Awura: adjective
AwyaMwika: adjective
awyaXika: adjective
awyugra: adjective
axaba: noun
axA: noun
AXa: noun
AXA: noun
aXajalA: adjective
aXakacarA: adjective
axAkAra: noun
axAlawI: adjective
Axamakaxa: adjective
Axamiyawa: noun
axamya: adjective
AxAna: noun
axanA: adjective
AxAnapraxAna: noun
AXAraBUwa: noun
Axara: noun
axaraka: noun
AXAraSilA: noun
AXAriwa: adjective
axAyagI: noun
axBuwa: adjective
AxeSAnusAra: noun
aXiBAra: noun
aXigrahaNa: noun
Axi: noun
AxI: noun
aXika: adjective
aXikAMSa: adjective
aXikara: noun
aXikaraNa: noun
AXikArika: adjective
aXikawA: noun
aXikawama: adjective
aXikawara: adjective
aXikAXika: adjective
aXikqwa: adjective
aXIkRaNa: noun
AXikya: noun
aXIna: adjective
aXIra: adjective
aXiropaNa: noun
AxiRta: adjective
aXiRTAwA: noun
aXisUcanA: noun
aXivakwA: noun
aXivAsa: noun
Axiwya: noun
axqSya: adjective
AXunika: adjective
AXunikawA: noun
aXUrA: adjective
axviwIya: adjective
aXyakRawA: noun
aXyApana: noun
aXyApikA: noun
aXyayana: noun
aXyewA: noun
AyA: noun
Aya: noun
Ayakara: noun
ayaska: noun
AyAwa: noun
AyawAkAra: adjective
AyodIna: noun
ayogya: adjective
ayogyawA: noun
AyojanA: noun
Ayojiwa: adjective
ayoXyA: noun
Ayu: noun
Ayurvexika: adjective
Azca: noun
azgUTA: adjective
azgUTI: noun
azXerA: adjective
azXerI: adjective
AzXI: noun
bAbA: noun
bAbarI: noun
BABI: noun
babUla: noun
bacakAnA: adjective
bacana: noun
bacapana: noun
bacAva: noun
bacawa: noun
baccA: adjective
baccI: noun
badA: adjective
BUrA: noun
bADa: adjective
baDawA: adjective
baDawI: noun
badZa: noun
bAGA: adjective
bagalA: adjective
bagala: noun
BagavA: adjective
BAgavAna: adjective
bagAvawa: noun
BagavawI: noun
BAgaxOda: noun
bagIcA: adjective
bAgIcA: adjective
BAgIraWI: noun
Bagna: adjective
BAgya: noun
BAgyavAxa: noun
bahakAvA: adjective
bahAlI: noun
bahAnA: adjective
bahAra: noun
bAhara: noun
bAharI: adjective
bahAva: noun
bahAxurI: noun
bAhu: noun
bahu: noun
bahusaMKyaka: adjective
bahuuxxeSIya: adjective
bahuwAyawa: noun
bahuwerA: adjective
bahuXA: adjective
bAhya: noun
bA: adjective
BAIcArA: adjective
BaI: noun
bAIsa: adjective
BaiyA: noun
bAjA: adjective
bajarA: adjective
bAjarA: adjective
bajaraMga: adjective
bajata: noun
bAjI: noun
bakarA: adjective
bakavAsa: noun
bakAyA: adjective
bAkAyaxA: adjective
baKiyA: noun
baKSa: adjective
baKUbI: noun
balagama: noun
balA: noun
BAla: noun
BalA: adjective
bAlA: noun
BAlA: adjective
BalAI: noun
balavaMwa: adjective
bali: noun
BalI: adjective
bAlI: noun
bAlikA: adjective
ballA: adjective
ballebAjI: noun
bAltI: noun
baluA: adjective
bAlU: noun
bAlyAvasWA: noun
bamabArI: noun
baMdA: adjective
BaMdArA: adjective
BaMga: noun
BaMgimA: noun
baMjara: adjective
baMsI: noun
baMxa: noun
baMxA: verb
baMXa: noun
baMxI: noun
baMxobaswa: noun
baMXu: noun
baMXya: adjective
bAnagI: noun
Banaka: noun
banArasa: noun
banAvata: noun
baniyAna: noun
BAnu: noun
BAnuprawApa: noun
BApa: noun
baPara: verb
barAbara: adjective
barAbarI: noun
barabasa: noun
barabAxI: noun
bArahamAsA: adjective
BARA: noun
BAra: noun
BarA: adjective
bArA: adjective
baraKAswa: noun
barakawa: noun
BaramAra: noun
barAmaxagI: noun
barAmaxa: noun
barAmaxA: adjective
BarapAI: noun
BarapUra: adjective
Barasaka: adjective
barasAwa: noun
barasI: noun
Barawa: noun
BArawa: noun
BarawA: noun
bArAwa: noun
barawAva: noun
BArawavarRa: noun
BarawI: noun
BArawI: noun
barbara: adjective
bArIka: adjective
bArIkI: noun
BArIpana: noun
bAriSa: noun
barKAswa: adjective
barOnI: noun
barPa: noun
barPI: noun
bArUxa: noun
barwAva: noun
BarwI: noun
BarwsanA: noun
basA: verb
basaMwa: noun
basara: noun
Basma: noun
basu: noun
baswA: adjective
baswi: noun
Bata: noun
BAtiyA: adjective
batorana: noun
Batta: noun
BatTA: adjective
Bava: noun
bAvalA: adjective
bAvalI: noun
BAvanA: noun
BavAnI: noun
BAvaSUnya: adjective
BaviRya: noun
BaviRyavANI: noun
Bavya: adjective
bAwacIwa: noun
BAwa: noun
bawaKa: noun
BawIjA: adjective
BawIjI: noun
BawwA: adjective
bawwaKa: noun
bawwI: noun
bAXA: noun
baXAI: noun
bAXaka: adjective
baxalA: adjective
baxalI: noun
baxanAma: adjective
baxanAmI: noun
baxanIyawI: noun
baxarI: noun
baxarInAWa: noun
baxawamIjI: noun
bAXiwa: adjective
Baxra: adjective
BaxrakAlI: noun
bAXya: adjective
bAXyawA: noun
BayaBIwa: noun
Baya: noun
BayAkrAMwa: adjective
BayaMkara: adjective
BayAnaka: noun
baztA: verb
bAztA: adjective
baztavArA: adjective
bazXA: verb
beaxabI: noun
bebasa: adjective
bebasI: noun
bebuniyAxa: adjective
becArA: adjective
becEna: adjective
becEnI: noun
begama: noun
begArI: noun
behAla: adjective
behawara: adjective
behaxa: adjective
behoSa: adjective
behoSI: noun
behUxA: adjective
beijjawa: noun
beImAnI: noun
BejA: adjective
bejAna: adjective
bejoda: adjective
beKabara: adjective
bekarI: noun
bekArI: noun
bEktIriyA: adjective
belagAma: adjective
belA: noun
belaxAra: noun
bemela: adjective
bEMkara: noun
BEMsa: noun
BeMta: noun
beparavAha: adjective
bePikra: adjective
berahama: adjective
berahamI: noun
BErava: adjective
BEravI: noun
berojagArI: noun
beruKI: noun
bEsAKI: noun
besana: noun
beSarama: adjective
besika: adjective
betA: adjective
bETaka: noun
bEtarI: noun
betI: noun
betikata: adjective
bevakUPa: adjective
bewAba: adjective
bexAga: adjective
bexaKala: adjective
Bexana: noun
BEyA: adjective
bIbI: noun
bicOliyA: adjective
BIgA: adjective
bIGA: adjective
Bigo: verb
bihAna: noun
bihAra: noun
bI: noun
bijalI: noun
BIKa: noun
bikAU: noun
BikRA: noun
bikrI: noun
bikrIkara: noun
BikRu: noun
billA: adjective
billI: noun
BIma: adjective
BiMdI: noun
biMxI: noun
Binna: adjective
BinnawA: noun
biralA: adjective
BIRaNa: adjective
birAxarI: noun
BIRma: adjective
bisAwa: noun
Biwwi: noun
boA: verb
BOcakkA: adjective
BogA: verb
BogI: noun
bogI: noun
BOgolika: adjective
bo: verb
boJa: noun
Bojana: noun
BojanAlaya: noun
BojapuriyA: adjective
BOjI: noun
boJila: adjective
Bojya: adjective
bolabAlA: adjective
bolacAla: noun
BolA: adjective
BolAnAWa: noun
bolI: noun
BOmika: adjective
bOnA: adjective
bora: noun
Bora: noun
borA: adjective
borI: noun
bota: noun
BOwika: adjective
BOwikI: noun
boXa: noun
boXanI: noun
bOxXa: adjective
bOxXika: adjective
bqhaspawi: noun
brahma: noun
brahmA: noun
brahmAMda: noun
Brama: noun
BrAmaka: adjective
BramaNa: noun
Bramiwa: adjective
BraRtAcAra: noun
BraRta: adjective
brigediyara: noun
britiSa: adjective
briwAnI: noun
buA: noun
buAI: noun
BUBAga: noun
budDA: adjective
buDOwI: noun
bUDZA: adjective
bUDZI: noun
BUgarBa: noun
BUgola: noun
bU: noun
BU: noun
Bujabala: noun
BujA: noun
bujurga: adjective
BUKa: noun
buka: noun
BUKA: adjective
BuKamarA: adjective
BuKamarI: noun
buKAra: noun
bukiMga: noun
bulabula: noun
bulaMxa: adjective
bulAvA: adjective
buletina: noun
BUmi: noun
BUmikA: noun
buMxelA: adjective
bunakara: noun
buniyAxa: noun
burA: adjective
burAI: noun
burakA: adjective
burI: noun
burja: noun
BUsKalana: noun
bUtA: adjective
BUtAna: noun
bUtI: noun
ButtA: adjective
BUvijFAna: noun
BUwala: noun
BUwapUrva: adjective
BUxAna: noun
buxXa: adjective
buxXawva: noun
buxXi: noun
buxXimAna: adjective
buxXimAnI: noun
buxXimawwA: noun
byAja: noun
cAbI: noun
cAbuka: noun
cabUwarA: adjective
cAcA: noun
cacerA: adjective
cAcI: noun
cahalakaxamI: noun
cAhawa: noun
Ca: noun
CajjA: adjective
cakAcOMXa: noun
caKA: verb
cakamA: adjective
cakanAcUra: adjective
cakarA: verb
cakawwA: adjective
cakiwa: adjective
cakkA: adjective
CakkA: adjective
cakkI: noun
cakravyUha: noun
cAkU: noun
Calabala: noun
Cala: noun
cAla: noun
CAla: noun
calana: noun
calAna: noun
CalanI: noun
calawA: noun
cAlIsa: adjective
cAlIsA: adjective
camacA: adjective
CamAhI: noun
camakaxamaka: noun
camakaxAra: adjective
camakIlA: adjective
caMdI: noun
camelI: noun
caMga: noun
caMgA: adjective
caMgula: noun
cammaca: noun
caMpA: noun
caMpaka: noun
caMxa: adjective
caMxA: adjective
caMxana: noun
caMxra: noun
caMxrakalA: noun
caMxramA: noun
caMxrawAla: noun
caMxrikA: noun
CAnabIna: noun
canA: adjective
CapA: verb
cApa: noun
CapAI: noun
capatA: adjective
capawa: noun
capAwI: noun
cappA: adjective
cappala: noun
cappU: noun
cara: verb
cArA: noun
carAI: noun
carama: adjective
caramarA: verb
cArapAI: noun
caravAhA: adjective
caravAhI: noun
cAraXAma: noun
cAraxIvArI: noun
carcA: noun
carciwa: adjective
cariwArWa: adjective
cariwra: noun
cArja: noun
carma: noun
cASanI: noun
caSmA: adjective
caSmaxIxa: adjective
CaTa: noun
catAI: noun
catakIlA: adjective
catanI: noun
catapatA: adjective
catapatI: adjective
cAtukAra: noun
cAva: noun
CAvanI: noun
Cavi: noun
CAwA: adjective
CAwI: noun
CAwravqwwi: noun
CawrI: noun
cawura: adjective
cawurAI: noun
cawurWa: adjective
cAxara: noun
cAya: noun
CAyA: noun
cayana: noun
CAyAxAra: adjective
cAzxa: noun
cAzxanI: noun
cAzxI: noun
cecaka: noun
ceharA: adjective
cEleMja: noun
ceMbara: noun
cEMpiyana: noun
cEna: noun
cena: noun
ceRtA: noun
cewanA: noun
cEwanya: noun
cewAvanI: noun
ceyara: noun
ceyaramEna: noun
CICAlexara: noun
CidakAva: noun
cihniwa: adjective
cikanA: adjective
cikanAI: noun
cikanI: noun
cikiwsA: noun
CilakA: adjective
cimanI: noun
CIMta: noun
CIMtA: adjective
ciMwA: noun
ciMwAjanaka: adjective
ciMwana: noun
ciMwiwa: adjective
cinwA: noun
Cinna: adjective
cipacipAhata: noun
cIPa: adjective
cIrA: adjective
cirakAlika: adjective
cirasmaraNIya: adjective
cita: noun
citTA: adjective
citTI: noun
ciwa: adjective
ciwA: noun
cIwA: adjective
ciwrA: noun
ciwrakalA: noun
ciwrakArI: noun
ciwrakUta: noun
ciwraNa: noun
ciwriwa: adjective
ciwwa: noun
cOgunA: adjective
cOka: noun
cOkA: adjective
cOkannA: adjective
CokarA: adjective
cOkasa: adjective
cOkasI: noun
cOKata: noun
cOkora: adjective
cOpata: adjective
cOrAhA: adjective
corI: noun
CotA: adjective
CotI: adjective
cOWa: noun
cOWA: adjective
cOWAI: noun
cOwaraPA: adjective
cOWI: adjective
cOxaha: adjective
CuACUwa: noun
CuA: verb
CUCA: adjective
cUhA: adjective
CuImuI: noun
cUjA: adjective
cUlhA: adjective
CUmaMwara: noun
cuMbakIya: adjective
cuMgI: noun
cUnApawWara: noun
cuniMxA: adjective
cunOwI: noun
cuppA: adjective
cuppI: noun
CurA: noun
cUrA: noun
CurI: noun
cuswa: noun
CutakArA: noun
cutakI: noun
cutIlA: adjective
CuttA: adjective
CUwa: noun
dabala: adjective
dagara: noun
da: noun
dA: noun
dAka: noun
dAkA: adjective
DakanA: adjective
dakEwI: noun
dAktarI: noun
DalAI: noun
DalAna: noun
DalavAz: noun
dAlI: noun
daMdA: adjective
daMkA: adjective
DarrA: adjective
datA: verb
dAyana: noun
dAyarI: noun
DAzcA: adjective
derA: adjective
deyarI: noun
dibbA: adjective
digrI: noun
dijAina: noun
dIla: noun
DIla: noun
DIlA: noun
DilAI: noun
diPeMsa: noun
diptI: noun
distrikta: noun
dogarI: noun
Do: verb
dOla: noun
dolA: adjective
dolI: noun
dosA: adjective
drAmA: adjective
dresa: noun
dubakI: noun
DulAI: noun
Dulamula: adjective
dyUtI: noun
edavoketa: noun
ediSanala: adjective
editara: noun
ehasAsa: noun
ehawiyAwa: noun
ejeMsI: noun
ejeMta: noun
eka: noun
ekA: noun
ekajuta: noun
ekAkAra: adjective
ekala: adjective
ekamawa: adjective
ekamAwra: adjective
ekAMwa: noun
ekAMwavAsa: noun
ekasAWa: adjective
ekawA: noun
ekawaraPA: adjective
ekawra: noun
ekawriwa: adjective
ekAXa: adjective
ekAxaSa: adjective
ekAxaSI: noun
ekAXika: adjective
ekAXikAra: noun
ekAXipawya: noun
ekIkaraNa: noun
ekIkqwa: adjective
eksAija: noun
eksapresa: noun
Ekya: noun
EMTana: noun
Ena: adjective
eriyala: noun
EsA: adjective
EsI: adjective
eSiyA: noun
ESvarya: noun
evaja: noun
ewarAja: noun
EwihAsika: adjective
eyara: noun
eyarakrAPta: noun
gabana: noun
gaDavAla: noun
gaddA: adjective
gadDA: adjective
GAGa: noun
GAGarA: noun
gagarI: noun
gahana: adjective
gahanA: adjective
gaharA: noun
gaharAI: noun
gaharAna: noun
gaharI: adjective
gajaba: noun
gAja: noun
gajala: noun
gAjara: noun
galA: adjective
galawa: adjective
galawaPahamI: noun
galawI: noun
gAlI: noun
galiyArA: adjective
gamaCA: adjective
gamagIna: adjective
GamaMda: noun
GamAsAna: adjective
gaMBIra: adjective
gaMgA: noun
gaMgAjala: noun
GaMtA: adjective
gaMwavya: adjective
gaMxagI: noun
gaMxA: adjective
gAMXAra: noun
gAMXI: noun
Ganacakkara: adjective
GanaGanA: verb
GanaGora: adjective
gAna: noun
GanA: noun
gAnA: adjective
gaNanA: noun
GanaSyAma: adjective
gaNawaMwra: noun
Ganawva: noun
gaNeSa: noun
GanIBUwa: adjective
ganImawa: noun
GaniRTawA: noun
gaNiwa: noun
gannA: adjective
ganxA: adjective
ganxI: adjective
gapa: noun
GapalA: adjective
gaPalawa: noun
gapaSapa: noun
gArA: adjective
garamAgarama: adjective
garama: adjective
garamA: verb
garamamasAlA: adjective
garamI: noun
gAraMtI: noun
GarAnA: adjective
garArA: adjective
GaravAlA: adjective
GaravAlI: noun
garBagqha: noun
garBa: noun
garBASaya: noun
GarelU: noun
gArgI: noun
garIbI: noun
garimA: noun
garjanA: noun
garma: adjective
garmajoSI: noun
garmI: noun
garva: noun
garwa: noun
garxa: noun
garxana: noun
GAsa: noun
gaSwa: noun
GAtA: noun
Gataka: adjective
GatanAcakra: noun
GatanA: noun
gaTana: noun
GatanAkrama: noun
GatanAsWala: noun
gaTarI: noun
GatI: noun
Gatiwa: adjective
gaTiyA: noun
GatiyA: adjective
gattA: adjective
gavAhI: noun
gavarnameMta: noun
gawa: noun
gAWA: noun
GAwa: noun
GAwaka: adjective
gawiSIla: adjective
gaxagaxa: noun
gaxxA: adjective
gaxxI: noun
gaxya: noun
gAyaba: noun
gAya: noun
gAyakI: noun
gAyawrI: noun
gEMdA: adjective
GerAbaMxI: noun
gErahAjirI: noun
GerA: adjective
GerAva: noun
GI: noun
gIlA: noun
gIlI: adjective
ginawI: noun
GinOnA: adjective
giranA: noun
giraPwa: noun
giraPwAra: noun
giraPwArI: noun
giravI: noun
giri: noun
girijA: noun
girirAja: noun
girISa: noun
gIwA: noun
gobara: noun
gohawyA: noun
gokula: noun
golAbArI: noun
golAbArUxa: noun
golA: noun
golAkAra: noun
gomawI: noun
goMxa: noun
gONa: adjective
gOnA: noun
gopanIya: adjective
gopanIyawA: noun
gOra: noun
Gora: adjective
gorA: adjective
gOrA: noun
goraKA: adjective
goraKaXaMXA: adjective
GoRaNA: noun
gOrava: noun
gOravAnviwa: adjective
gOrI: noun
gorillA: adjective
GoRiwa: adjective
goRTI: noun
goSwa: noun
GotAlA: adjective
govarXana: noun
gOwama: noun
gOwamI: noun
gowra: noun
goxa: noun
goxAvarI: noun
goxI: noun
gqhalakRmI: noun
gqhasWI: noun
gqhiNI: noun
GqNA: noun
GqNiwa: adjective
Gqwa: noun
grahaNa: noun
grAhya: adjective
grAmINA: noun
grAmya: adjective
grasiwa: adjective
graswa: adjective
grejueta: noun
greta: adjective
grIRma: noun
grIRmakAla: noun
gubbArA: adjective
guda: noun
guhA: noun
gujArA: adjective
gujarAwa: noun
gUjarI: noun
GulA: verb
gula: noun
gulajAra: noun
gulAmI: noun
gulaxaswA: adjective
gulma: noun
gumanAma: adjective
gumarAha: noun
gumasuma: adjective
guMbaxa: noun
guMjAiSa: noun
guMjAyamAna: adjective
guNagAna: noun
gunagunA: adjective
gunA: adjective
guNA: adjective
guNana: noun
guNavawwA: noun
guNawA: noun
gunI: noun
guNiwa: adjective
guPA: noun
gupwa: adjective
GUrA: adjective
gurillA: adjective
guru: noun
gurukula: noun
guruvAra: noun
buXavAra: noun
guruxvArA: adjective
GUsa: noun
GusapETa: noun
Gutana: noun
GutanA: adjective
GuttI: noun
GUzGata: noun
habIba: adjective
hAhAkAra: noun
hajama: adjective
hAjI: noun
hAjira: adjective
hAjirI: noun
hakIkawa: noun
halacala: noun
hAla: noun
halaka: noun
halakA: noun
halAla: noun
halaPanAmA: adjective
hAlawa: noun
halkA: noun
hallA: noun
halxI: noun
hamalA: adjective
hamasaPara: adjective
hamaxarxa: noun
hamaxarxI: noun
haMgAmA: adjective
hAmI: noun
hanana: noun
hAnikara: adjective
hanumAna: noun
haPwA: adjective
hara: adjective
harakawa: noun
harAma: adjective
harApana: noun
haravAhI: noun
harI: noun
hari: noun
harikeSa: adjective
hariNa: noun
hariwa: adjective
harixvAra: noun
hariyAlI: noun
harja: noun
hArmona: noun
harRavarxXana: adjective
hAsa: noun
hasana: noun
hAsila: noun
hasIna: adjective
hASiyA: adjective
haSra: noun
haswakRepa: noun
haswaliKiwa: adjective
haswAMwaraNa: noun
haswAMwariwa: adjective
haswI: noun
haswinApura: noun
hAsya: adjective
hAsyAspaxa: adjective
hAta: noun
haTayoga: noun
hAusa: noun
havAIaddA: adjective
havA: noun
havAI: noun
havAKorI: noun
havAlA: adjective
havAlAwa: noun
havasa: noun
hAvI: noun
haWagolA: adjective
hawAhawa: adjective
haWakaraGA: adjective
hawASa: noun
haWiyArabaMxa: adjective
hawWA: adjective
hawyA: noun
hawyArA: adjective
hAxasA: adjective
hazsA: verb
hazsamuKa: adjective
hazsI: noun
heda: noun
helWa: noun
hemA: noun
hemaMwa: noun
hEMda: noun
hEMgiMga: adjective
hErAna: adjective
hErAnI: noun
heraPera: noun
hErawaaMgeja: adjective
hErawa: noun
hEsiyawa: noun
hicakicAhata: noun
himAcala: noun
hima: adjective
himaKaMda: noun
himAlaya: noun
himanaxa: noun
himapAwa: noun
himAyawa: noun
hiMdolA: adjective
himmawa: noun
hiMsA: noun
hiMxa: noun
hiMxI: noun
hiMxuswAna: noun
hiMxuwva: noun
hInaBAvanA: adjective
hIna: adjective
hinA: noun
hiPAjawa: noun
hIra: noun
hIrA: noun
hIraka: noun
hirAsawa: noun
hisAba: noun
hissA: adjective
hissexArI: noun
hiwakara: adjective
hixAyawanAmA: adjective
holA: noun
holI: noun
homa: noun
homiyopEWika: adjective
honahAra: adjective
honI: noun
hoSa: noun
hOsalA: adjective
hrAsa: noun
hukkA: adjective
hukmanAmA: adjective
hukUmawa: noun
huliyA: noun
hunara: noun
icCA: noun
icCiwa: adjective
icCuka: noun
IdA: noun
idalI: noun
ijahAra: noun
ijAjawa: noun
IjAxa: noun
ijjawa: noun
ikAI: noun
ikalOwA: noun
ikatTA: noun
ikkA: adjective
ikRu: noun
ikyAvana: adjective
ilAja: noun
ilAkA: adjective
ilAyacI: noun
ilektrika: adjective
imalA: noun
imalI: noun
ImAnaxArI: noun
iMdiyana: noun
iMgaliSa: noun
iMka: noun
iMsAPa: noun
iMtaramIdieta: noun
iMtaraneSanala: noun
iMtaravyU: noun
iMwajAma: noun
iMwajAra: noun
iMxra: noun
inakama: noun
inkAra: noun
IpsA: noun
irAka: noun
IrAnI: noun
irAxA: adjective
iRta: adjective
IsA: noun
ISAna: adjective
iSArA: adjective
IsavI: adjective
iSka: noun
iSkiyA: adjective
islAma: noun
ispAwa: noun
ISvara: noun
ISvarIya: adjective
iswemAla: noun
iswIPA: adjective
italI: noun
itAliyana: noun
iwanA: adjective
iwanI: adjective
iwara: noun
iwihAsa: noun
Ixa: noun
jaba: pronoun
jabAna: noun
jabaraxaswa: adjective
jabaraxaswI: noun
jabarxaswI: noun
jabwa: noun
JAga: noun
jaGanya: adjective
jAgaraNa: noun
jAgarUka: noun
jAgarUkawA: noun
jagawa: noun
JAgaxAra: adjective
jAgIra: noun
jAgrawa: adjective
jahara: noun
jaharIlA: adjective
jAhira: noun
ja: noun
jajIrA: adjective
jaKIrA: adjective
jAla: noun
jAlA: adjective
jalakara: noun
jalAkara: noun
jalamagna: adjective
jalana: noun
jalapravAha: noun
jalasA: adjective
jAlasAjI: noun
jalavA: adjective
jalavAyu: noun
jalIla: adjective
jAlIxAra: adjective
jAliyA: noun
JallA: verb
jaloxara: noun
jalxabAjI: noun
jalxa: adjective
jalxI: noun
jAma: noun
jAmA: noun
jamAkarwA: noun
jamAnA: adjective
jamAnawa: noun
jamAva: noun
jAmAwA: noun
JaMdA: adjective
JaMdI: noun
jaMGA: noun
jaMga: noun
jaMgalA: adjective
jaMgama: adjective
jamIMxArI: noun
jamIna: noun
jamIra: noun
jaMjIra: noun
jAmuna: noun
jaMwu: noun
janaAMxolana: noun
janAba: noun
janAjA: adjective
janaka: adjective
jAnakAra: adjective
jAnakArI: noun
jAnakI: noun
jAnalevA: adjective
janamawa: noun
janana: noun
jananI: noun
janapriya: adjective
janarala: adjective
janArxana: noun
janavarI: noun
janawA: noun
janiwa: adjective
janma: noun
janmARtamI: noun
janmasixXa: adjective
janmaxivasa: noun
jannawa: noun
jAnu: noun
janUna: noun
JapakA: verb
jApAna: noun
JaranA: adjective
jArI: noun
jarma: noun
JaroKA: adjective
jAsUsI: noun
jAta: noun
JatakA: adjective
jatila: noun
jatilawA: noun
javAbaxehI: noun
javAnI: noun
jAviwrI: noun
jAwa: noun
jAwaka: noun
jAwivAxa: noun
jAwIya: adjective
jawWA: adjective
jaya: noun
jAya: noun
jAyajA: adjective
jAyakA: noun
jAyakexAra: adjective
jayamAlA: noun
jayaMwI: noun
jAyaxAxa: noun
jAzGa: noun
JAzkI: noun
JAzsA: adjective
jEketa: noun
jelI: noun
jEnI: noun
jepI: noun
jEsA: adjective
jEsI: adjective
jeTa: noun
jeTAnI: noun
jevara: noun
jFAna: noun
jFAwa: adjective
jFAwavya: adjective
jigara: noun
jIjA: noun
jijFAsA: noun
jIjI: noun
jikra: noun
jilA: noun
JillI: noun
jimmevArI: noun
jimmexArI: noun
jiMxagI: noun
jiMxA: adjective
jiMxAxila: adjective
jIpa: noun
jiraha: noun
jIrNa: adjective
jIrNoxXAra: noun
jisa: pronoun
jIvaMwa: adjective
jIvana: noun
jIvanaswara: noun
jIvanI: noun
jIvANu: noun
jIvANunASaka: adjective
jIvASma: noun
jIvikA: noun
jIwA: adjective
jiwanA: adjective
jiwanI: adjective
jixa: noun
joKA: adjective
Jola: noun
JolA: adjective
JopadZI: noun
jora: noun
joraxAra: adjective
joSa: noun
joSI: noun
joSIlA: noun
jubalI: noun
jugawa: noun
JuggI: noun
JukAva: noun
julAI: noun
JUlA: adjective
julPa: noun
jUna: noun
Juramuta: noun
jurmAnA: adjective
jUsa: noun
jUta: noun
JUTa: noun
JUTA: adjective
juwAI: noun
jUwA: adjective
juxAI: noun
juxA: adjective
jvalaMwa: adjective
jvalanaSIla: adjective
jvara: noun
jvAra: noun
jyAxawI: noun
jyeRTa: adjective
jyowiRa: noun
kAbija: adjective
kAbila: adjective
kabIlA: adjective
kabIra: adjective
kabja: noun
kabjA: adjective
kabjiyawa: noun
kabUwara: noun
kacaharI: noun
KacAKaca: noun
kaCAra: noun
kacarA: adjective
kacCa: noun
kaccA: noun
kaccI: noun
kacorI: noun
kaCuA: adjective
kadA: adjective
KadZI: noun
Kagola: noun
kahAnI: noun
kahavA: verb
kahAvawa: noun
KAI: noun
Ka: noun
kA: adjective
kAja: noun
KajAnA: adjective
KajUra: noun
kAka: noun
KAka: noun
kAkA: noun
KAkA: adjective
kAkI: noun
kakkA: adjective
kakRA: noun
KalabalI: noun
kalaha: noun
kalaI: noun
kalAI: noun
kalA: noun
kAla: noun
KAla: noun
kAlA: adjective
kalakala: noun
kalAkArI: noun
Kalala: noun
kalAma: noun
kalama: noun
kalaMka: noun
kalaMkiwa: adjective
kAlAMwara: noun
kalaMxara: noun
kAlarA: noun
kAlara: noun
kalarava: noun
KAlasA: adjective
kalektara: noun
kAlI: adjective
kali: noun
kAlikA: noun
kAliKa: noun
kalikAla: noun
kaliMga: adjective
kAliMxI: noun
KalIPA: adjective
kAlixAsa: noun
kaliyuga: noun
kalki: noun
kAlonI: noun
kalpanA: noun
kAlpanika: noun
kaluRa: noun
kalyANa: noun
kalyANI: noun
kAmagAra: adjective
kamAI: noun
kama: adjective
kAmA: noun
kamajora: noun
kamajorI: noun
kAmAKyA: noun
kamAla: noun
kamaleSa: noun
kamAMdara: noun
kAmanA: noun
kamAna: noun
kamanIya: adjective
kamarA: adjective
kamara: noun
kAmareda: noun
kAmayAba: adjective
kAmayAbI: noun
KaMBa: noun
KaMBA: adjective
kaMcana: noun
kAMda: noun
KaMdana: noun
KaMdiwa: adjective
kametI: noun
kAMgresa: noun
KAmI: noun
kamI: noun
kamISana: noun
kaMjUsI: noun
KAmoSI: noun
kaMpana: noun
kaMXA: adjective
kamyunista: noun
KAna: noun
kAnA: adjective
KAnA: adjective
kanaka: noun
Kanana: noun
KAnapAna: noun
kanapatI: noun
KAnaxAna: noun
kanhEyA: adjective
Kanija: noun
kaNikA: noun
kaniRTa: adjective
KannA: adjective
kanOjiyA: adjective
kanyA: noun
kanyAkumArI: noun
kaPa: noun
kaPana: noun
kapAsa: noun
Kapawa: noun
kAPI: noun
kapila: adjective
kAPilA: adjective
kapUra: noun
kapwAnI: noun
KarAba: adjective
KarAbI: noun
kAragara: noun
kArAgAra: noun
KaragoSa: noun
kArA: noun
KAra: noun
KarA: adjective
KArA: adjective
kAraka: noun
kAraKAnA: adjective
karAmAwa: noun
karaNa: noun
kAranAmA: adjective
karanevAlA: adjective
karanI: noun
karAra: noun
karArA: adjective
kArAvAsa: noun
karawUwa: noun
kArbana: noun
Karca: noun
KarcA: adjective
KarcIlA: adjective
kareMta: noun
karIba: adjective
karIbI: noun
kArIgarI: noun
KarI: adjective
karI: noun
KArija: adjective
KarIPa: noun
kariSmA: adjective
KarIxArI: noun
karja: noun
karmakAra: noun
karmaTa: adjective
karmavIra: adjective
kArmika: noun
karNa: noun
karNaXAra: noun
kArobAra: noun
karPyU: noun
kARTa: noun
karuNA: noun
karwA: noun
karwAXarwA: adjective
kArwika: noun
kAryaBAra: noun
kAryakAla: noun
kAryakarwA: noun
kAryakRamawA: noun
kAryAnvayana: noun
kAryapraNAlI: noun
kAryavAhI: noun
kasabA: adjective
KAsa: adjective
kasA: verb
kASa: noun
KAsA: adjective
kasaka: noun
kasanA: noun
KasarA: noun
kasara: noun
kasarawa: noun
kasbA: adjective
kASI: noun
KAsiyawa: noun
kaSmIra: noun
kasOtI: noun
kastama: noun
kasUra: noun
KaswA: adjective
kaswUrI: noun
katAI: noun
KatAI: noun
katA: verb
katanI: noun
katarA: noun
katAriyA: adjective
KatAsa: noun
katavA: verb
katAva: noun
katibaMXa: noun
kaTinAI: noun
kaTina: adjective
kaTora: adjective
katorA: adjective
katorI: noun
katOwI: noun
KattA: noun
kattara: adjective
katu: noun
kavaca: noun
kavAyaxa: noun
kAverI: noun
kavi: noun
kaviwA: noun
kaviwva: noun
kavvAlI: noun
kaWA: noun
Kawa: noun
KAwA: noun
kaWana: noun
kawarA: adjective
KawarA: adjective
kawarana: noun
KawaranAka: noun
kawipaya: adjective
KAwira: noun
KAwiraxArI: noun
kaWiwa: adjective
Kawma: noun
kawWaka: noun
kaxAcAra: noun
kaxa: noun
KAxa: noun
KAxI: noun
kaxra: noun
kaxraxAna: adjective
KAxya: adjective
kAya: noun
kAyala: adjective
kAyama: adjective
KayAnawa: noun
kAyika: adjective
KAzsI: noun
kAztexAra: adjective
kEbineta: noun
kelA: adjective
kEleMdara: noun
KemA: adjective
kEmarA: adjective
kEMcI: noun
kEMsara: noun
keMxriwa: adjective
keMxrIya: adjective
KEra: noun
kerala: noun
KErAwa: noun
kerosina: noun
kESa: noun
kEsA: adjective
kesara: noun
kEsI: adjective
kewalI: noun
kewana: noun
KewI: noun
kExa: noun
Kexa: noun
Kexajanaka: adjective
kexAra: noun
kexAranAWa: noun
KidZakI: noun
KilAI: noun
kilA: adjective
KilAPa: noun
KilAPawa: noun
killawa: noun
KillI: noun
kilogrAma: noun
kilolItara: noun
kilomItara: noun
KilOnA: adjective
kilovAta: noun
kiMvaxaMwI: noun
kina: adjective
kinAra: noun
kinArA: adjective
kinArI: noun
kiPAyawa: noun
KIra: noun
KIrA: adjective
kirakirA: noun
kirAnA: adjective
kIrwana: noun
kIrwiswaMBa: noun
KIsa: noun
kiSamiSa: noun
kisAnI: noun
kismawa: noun
kiswa: noun
kiSwa: noun
kItanASaka: noun
KiwAba: noun
kiwanA: adjective
kiwanI: adjective
Kixamawa: noun
klarkI: noun
klipa: noun
kodA: adjective
kohanI: noun
Ko: verb
koka: noun
koKa: noun
KoKalA: adjective
kokilA: noun
kolAhala: noun
kola: noun
komala: adjective
komalawA: noun
kOMsila: noun
kOmuxI: noun
koNa: noun
konA: adjective
koNArka: noun
kopa: noun
KOPa: noun
kopala: noun
koRa: noun
korA: adjective
kora: noun
kOrava: noun
korI: noun
korsa: noun
korta: noun
kortamArSala: noun
kOSala: noun
kOSalyA: noun
kOSAMbI: noun
koSikA: noun
kOSika: noun
KotA: adjective
kotA: adjective
koTA: adjective
Kota: noun
kotara: noun
koTarI: noun
koti: noun
koTI: noun
kOvA: adjective
kovixa: adjective
kowAhI: noun
kowavAlI: noun
kOwUhala: noun
koyalA: adjective
koyala: noun
kqpA: noun
kqRNa: adjective
kqRNA: noun
kqSa: adjective
kqwa: adjective
kqwajFawA: noun
kqwasaMkalpa: adjective
kqwrima: adjective
kqwrimawA: noun
kramabaxXa: adjective
kRamA: noun
krama: noun
kramAMka: noun
kRamawA: noun
kRaNika: adjective
kRaraNa: noun
kRawigraswa: adjective
kRawi: noun
kraya: noun
kRaya: noun
krena: noun
kRewrIya: adjective
kriketa: noun
krIma: noun
kRINa: adjective
krisamasa: noun
kRiwija: noun
kriyA: noun
kriyAkalApa: noun
kriyAviXi: noun
kRoBa: noun
kroXa: noun
kroXiwa: adjective
kRubXa: noun
krUra: adjective
KUba: adjective
KUbasUrawa: adjective
KUbasUrawI: noun
kubera: noun
KUbI: noun
kUca: noun
kuCa: adjective
kuhanI: noun
KujalAhata: noun
KujalA: verb
KujalI: noun
kuKyAwa: adjective
KulA: adjective
kulapawi: noun
KulAsA: adjective
kulavaMwa: adjective
KulawA: adjective
kulaxIpaka: noun
kUlhA: adjective
kulIna: adjective
kullA: adjective
kumakuma: noun
kumArI: noun
kuMBa: noun
kuMBaka: noun
kuMBakarNa: noun
kuMdalI: noun
kuMTA: noun
kuMTiwa: adjective
kuMxA: adjective
KUna: noun
KUnaKarAbA: adjective
kunEna: noun
KuPiyA: adjective
kupoRaNa: noun
kuppA: adjective
KurAka: noun
kurakurA: verb
kurakura: noun
kurAna: noun
kurbAnI: noun
KurrAta: adjective
kursI: noun
kuru: noun
kurukRewra: noun
kurwA: adjective
KuSabU: noun
KuSabUxAra: adjective
kuSAgra: adjective
KuSahAla: adjective
KuSa: noun
kuSa: noun
KuSaKabarI: noun
kuSala: noun
kuSalawA: noun
KuSka: adjective
kutAI: noun
kutI: noun
kuttI: noun
kuwwA: adjective
KuxAI: noun
KuxA: noun
KuxakuSI: noun
KuxarA: noun
kuxarawa: noun
kuzA: adjective
KUzta: noun
KUztA: adjective
kviMtala: noun
lABa: noun
lABaxAyaka: adjective
lacara: adjective
lacCA: adjective
lacCexAra: adjective
lacIlA: adjective
lacIlApana: noun
lagAma: noun
lagAna: noun
lagana: noun
lagAva: noun
lAgawa: noun
lagAwAra: adjective
lagna: noun
laGu: noun
lahasuna: noun
lAibrerI: noun
lAibreriyana: noun
la: noun
lAiPa: noun
lAita: noun
laKapawi: noun
lakRaNA: noun
lakRiwa: adjective
lakRmaNa: noun
lakRmaNareKA: noun
lakRmI: noun
lakRmInArAyaNa: noun
lakRya: noun
lAla: adjective
lAlA: noun
lAlamirca: noun
lAlasA: noun
lAlatena: noun
laliwa: noun
laliwakalA: noun
lAmabaMxI: noun
laMbAI: noun
laMba: noun
laMbA: adjective
laMbI: noun
laMbiwa: adjective
laMca: noun
laMkA: noun
lAna: noun
lAparavAhI: noun
lApawA: adjective
lAra: noun
lassI: noun
lAta: noun
lATI: noun
lAvA: adjective
lawA: noun
lawa: noun
lAwa: noun
lawiyA: verb
lawwA: adjective
laya: noun
lAyaka: adjective
leboretarI: noun
ledI: noun
lejisletiva: adjective
leKA: noun
leKana: noun
leKanI: noun
lekcarara: noun
leKikA: noun
lEMga: adjective
lEMgika: adjective
lenaxena: noun
lEsa: noun
lIda: noun
lIga: noun
lihAja: noun
lihAjA: adjective
lIka: noun
liKA: verb
liKAvata: noun
liKiwa: adjective
lIlA: noun
lIna: adjective
liPAPA: adjective
lipatA: verb
lipi: noun
liPta: noun
lipwa: adjective
lista: noun
lIvara: noun
loBa: noun
loha: adjective
lohiwa: adjective
lohiyA: noun
loI: noun
lokahiwa: noun
lokakaWA: noun
lokala: adjective
lokapriya: adjective
lokapriyawA: noun
lokasaBA: noun
lokawaMwra: noun
lokeSvara: noun
lOkI: noun
lOkika: adjective
lOMga: noun
lopa: noun
lotA: noun
luBAvanA: adjective
lU: noun
lupwa: adjective
lUtapAta: noun
luterA: adjective
luwPa: noun
macAna: noun
mAcisa: noun
mAGa: noun
magana: noun
mahABiyoga: noun
mahabUbA: noun
mahA: noun
mahaja: adjective
mahAkAla: noun
mahAkavi: noun
mahAlakRmI: noun
mahAmArI: noun
mahAmAyA: noun
mahApraBu: noun
mahApuNya: noun
mahApuruRa: noun
mahArAjA: noun
mahArANA: noun
mahArARtra: noun
maharRi: noun
mahAsaBA: noun
mahAsAgara: noun
mahasUsa: noun
mAhavArI: noun
mahAvIra: adjective
mahAvixyA: noun
mahAvixyAlaya: noun
mahAwmA: noun
mahawvapUrNa: adjective
mahawwA: noun
mahawwara: adjective
mahawwva: noun
mahawwvapUrNa: adjective
mahAxeva: noun
mahAxvIpa: noun
mahAyuxXa: noun
mahazgAI: noun
mahazgA: adjective
mahazgI: adjective
maheSa: noun
maheSvara: noun
maheSvarI: noun
mAheSvarI: noun
mAhI: noun
mahilA: noun
mahimA: noun
mahIna: adjective
mahInA: adjective
mahinA: noun
mAhira: noun
mAhOla: noun
mahoxayA: noun
maI: noun
mAI: noun
mAikroPona: noun
ma: noun
mA: noun
majabUrI: noun
majabUwa: adjective
majabUwI: noun
majamUna: noun
mAjarA: adjective
majaxUrI: noun
majexAra: adjective
makabarA: adjective
makaI: noun
mAKana: noun
makara: noun
makasaxa: noun
makKana: noun
makKI: noun
maKOla: noun
mAkUla: adjective
malabA: adjective
mAlagujArI: noun
malAI: noun
mAlA: noun
malAla: noun
mAlawI: noun
malayAlama: noun
mAlikA: noun
mAlikAnA: adjective
mAlinI: noun
malla: noun
mallikA: noun
mAlUma: adjective
mAmA: noun
mAmalA: adjective
mamawA: noun
maMdana: noun
maMdI: noun
maMgala: noun
maMgalA: adjective
maMgalavAra: noun
mAMgalika: adjective
mamI: noun
mAmI: noun
maMjunAWa: adjective
maMjUra: adjective
maMjURA: noun
maMjUrI: noun
maMSA: noun
mAMsa: noun
mAMsapeSI: noun
maMsUbA: adjective
maMWana: noun
maMwavya: adjective
maMwramugXa: adjective
maMwraNA: noun
maMwripariRaxa: noun
maMxa: adjective
maMxA: noun
maMxAkinI: noun
maMxI: noun
mAnaBaMga: noun
manacAhA: adjective
manAhI: noun
mana: noun
mAnaka: noun
manamAnA: adjective
manamAnI: noun
manamohana: adjective
manamutAva: noun
mAnanIya: adjective
mAnasa: noun
mAnasika: adjective
mAnasUna: noun
mAnavavAxa: noun
mAnavawA: noun
mAnavIya: adjective
mAnaxaMda: noun
manI: noun
mAnI: noun
maNi: noun
maNipura: noun
manIRA: noun
manobala: noun
manohara: noun
manokAmanA: noun
manonIwa: adjective
manorama: adjective
manoramA: noun
manoraMjaka: adjective
mAnuRa: adjective
mAnya: adjective
mAnyawA: noun
mAPa: noun
mApaka: noun
mApaxaMda: noun
mAPI: noun
mAPika: adjective
marahama: noun
marahUma: adjective
marA: adjective
mArA: adjective
marajI: noun
mAraka: adjective
marammawa: noun
maraNa: noun
maraNAMwaka: adjective
mArapIta: noun
marATA: adjective
marATI: noun
marawA: adjective
mArca: noun
mArgaSIrRa: noun
marI: noun
marjI: noun
mArka: noun
marma: noun
mArmika: adjective
maruBUmi: noun
marusWala: noun
mAruwi: noun
marwabA: noun
marwya: adjective
marxAnA: adjective
maryAxA: noun
maSagUla: adjective
masaharI: noun
maSahUra: adjective
maSakkawa: noun
masalA: adjective
masAlA: adjective
masAlexAra: adjective
maSavarA: adjective
maSavirA: adjective
masIhA: adjective
mAsika: adjective
maSInarI: noun
masjixa: noun
masOxA: adjective
masUra: noun
masUrI: noun
maswI: noun
matakA: adjective
matamElA: adjective
matara: noun
maTAXISa: noun
mAvA: noun
mavAxa: noun
mAwahawa: noun
mAwa: noun
mAwA: noun
mAWA: adjective
mawalA: verb
mawalI: noun
mAwAmaha: noun
mAwAmahI: noun
mAwama: noun
mAwaMgI: noun
mawavAlA: adjective
mawaxAna: noun
mawaxAwA: adjective
mawAXikAra: noun
mawiBrama: noun
mawi: noun
mAwra: adjective
mAwrA: noun
mawsya: noun
mAWura: noun
mawWA: adjective
maxahoSa: adjective
mAxA: noun
maxa: noun
mAxaka: adjective
maxana: noun
maxarasA: adjective
mAXava: noun
maxaxa: noun
maxrAsa: noun
maXu: noun
maXura: adjective
mAXurI: noun
maXusUxana: noun
maXuvana: noun
maXyama: adjective
mAXyama: adjective
mAXyamika: adjective
maxyapAna: noun
maXyapUrva: noun
maXyasWawA: noun
maXyayugIna: adjective
mAyA: noun
mAyakA: adjective
mAyAvawI: noun
mAyUsa: adjective
mAyUsI: noun
mAz: noun
medikala: noun
medisina: noun
meGanAxa: noun
mehanawa: noun
meharabAnI: noun
meharA: adjective
mejara: noun
memoriyala: noun
mEnA: noun
mEna: noun
menakA: noun
meruxaMda: noun
meva: noun
mevA: adjective
mEwrI: noun
mEwrIpUrNa: adjective
mExA: noun
midila: adjective
mijAja: noun
milana: noun
milAna: noun
milanasAra: adjective
milApa: noun
milAvata: noun
milIBagawa: noun
militarI: noun
mIna: noun
miragI: noun
mirca: noun
mirgI: noun
misAla: noun
miSana: noun
miSanarI: noun
miSra: noun
miSraNa: noun
miSriwa: adjective
mistara: noun
mITA: adjective
mITI: adjective
mItiMga: noun
mittI: noun
miwavyayiwA: noun
miwrawA: noun
miwrawApUrNa: adjective
moca: noun
mocaka: adjective
mocana: noun
moha: noun
mohallA: adjective
mohana: noun
mohara: noun
mohawAja: noun
mohiwa: adjective
mojA: adjective
mOja: noun
mOjUxagI: noun
mOjUxa: adjective
mOjUxA: adjective
mOkA: adjective
mOKika: adjective
mokRa: noun
mola: noun
mOlika: adjective
momabawwI: noun
moma: noun
mOna: noun
moracA: adjective
morcA: adjective
morI: noun
mOsA: noun
mOsI: noun
motAI: noun
motA: adjective
motarabota: noun
motara: noun
mowI: noun
moyana: noun
mqganayanI: noun
mqNAla: noun
mqwa: noun
mqwyukAla: noun
mqwyuloka: noun
mqwyuxaMda: noun
mqxA: noun
mqxu: noun
muAyanA: adjective
mubArakabAxa: noun
mubAraka: noun
mucalakA: adjective
mudA: verb
mugXa: adjective
muhabbawa: noun
muhallA: adjective
muhAnA: adjective
muhara: noun
muhAvarexAra: adjective
muhEyA: adjective
mukAbalA: adjective
mUka: adjective
muKa: noun
muKA: verb
muKapawra: noun
muKara: adjective
mukara: verb
muKariwa: adjective
mukarrara: adjective
muKAwiba: adjective
mukaxamA: adjective
muKiyA: adjective
muKOtA: adjective
mukula: noun
mukwa: noun
muKya: adjective
mUlaBUwa: adjective
mUla: noun
mulAkAwI: noun
mulAyama: noun
mUlI: noun
mullA: adjective
mUlyAMkana: noun
mUlyavAna: adjective
muMdA: noun
munAsiba: adjective
muni: noun
muPwa: adjective
murabbA: adjective
muralI: noun
murArI: noun
murAxa: noun
mUrcCA: noun
murgA: adjective
mUrKawA: noun
mUrwa: adjective
mUrwikalA: noun
murxA: adjective
mUrXanya: adjective
mUsalAXAra: adjective
musAPira: noun
muskAna: noun
muskarAhata: noun
muSwa: noun
muswExI: noun
mutTA: adjective
mutTI: noun
muwAbika: adjective
mUwra: noun
muxrA: noun
muxraNa: noun
muxxA: adjective
mUzga: noun
mUzgA: adjective
mUzgaPalI: noun
nabI: noun
nAgA: adjective
nagamA: adjective
nagaNya: adjective
nAgapASa: noun
nAgara: adjective
nagarapAlikA: noun
nagarI: noun
nAgarI: noun
nAgarikawA: noun
nagaxa: noun
nagaxI: noun
nAgeMxra: noun
nAgeSvara: noun
nAgina: noun
nagna: adjective
nAitrojana: noun
nAja: noun
najaraaMxAja: adjective
najarabaMxa: adjective
najaxIkI: noun
nAjAyaja: adjective
nAjira: adjective
najIra: noun
nAjuka: adjective
nakAbapoSa: adjective
nAka: noun
nakala: noun
nakArAwmaka: adjective
nakatA: adjective
nakatI: noun
nakaxa: noun
nakaxI: noun
nakela: noun
nakSA: adjective
nAKuSa: adjective
nAKuSI: noun
nAlA: noun
nalI: noun
nalikA: noun
namAja: noun
nAmajaxa: adjective
namaka: noun
nAmakaraNa: noun
nAmaMjUra: noun
nAmAMkana: noun
nAmAMkiwa: noun
namana: noun
namaskAra: noun
nAmaxeva: noun
naMgA: adjective
namI: noun
nAmI: noun
nAmiwa: adjective
nAmumakina: adjective
namUnA: noun
naMxA: noun
naMxana: adjective
naMxinI: noun
nAnA: noun
nAna: noun
nanaxa: noun
nanhA: adjective
nAnI: noun
nApAka: adjective
naParawa: noun
nApasaMxa: adjective
napuMsakawA: noun
nArA: adjective
nArAjagI: noun
nArAja: noun
naraka: noun
narama: adjective
naramI: noun
nAraxa: noun
nArAyaNa: noun
nareMxra: noun
nareSa: noun
nArI: noun
narsa: noun
narsarI: noun
naRtaBraRta: adjective
narwakI: noun
nasabaMxI: noun
nAsA: noun
nASa: noun
nasala: noun
nasIhawa: noun
nAsikA: noun
naSIlA: noun
nasla: noun
naSvara: adjective
nASwA: adjective
nAtakIya: adjective
natavara: noun
navAbI: noun
navagraha: noun
nava: adjective
nAva: noun
navajAwa: adjective
navala: adjective
navaMbara: noun
navamI: noun
navarAwra: noun
navavarRa: noun
navIna: noun
navInawA: noun
navInIkaraNa: noun
nAwA: adjective
nawIjA: adjective
nAxAna: adjective
naxAraxa: adjective
nAyAba: adjective
naya: noun
nayA: adjective
nayanABirAma: adjective
nayI: adjective
nAyikA: noun
nekI: noun
nepAla: noun
nEsargika: adjective
newA: noun
newAjI: noun
nEwika: adjective
nEwikawA: noun
newqwva: noun
nIca: noun
nIcA: adjective
nicalA: adjective
nIcawA: noun
nigarAnI: noun
nihawWA: adjective
niHSulka: noun
niHsvArWa: noun
niHSvasana: noun
nijI: noun
nikAsI: noun
nikatawA: noun
nikewana: noun
nikRepa: noun
nikRepaNa: noun
nIlagAya: noun
nIla: noun
nIlA: noun
nIlAma: noun
nIlamaNi: noun
nilaMbana: noun
nilaMbiwa: adjective
nIlAMcala: noun
nIlAmI: noun
nIlI: noun
nIlimA: noun
nIlowpala: noun
nIma: noun
nimaMwraNa: noun
nimiwwa: noun
nimna: adjective
nimnaliKiwa: adjective
nimoniyA: noun
nIMva: noun
nIMxa: noun
niMxA: noun
nipatArA: adjective
nipAwa: adjective
nirA: verb
nirAkaraNa: noun
nirAlA: adjective
niraMkuSa: noun
niraMkuSawA: noun
nirApaxa: adjective
nirapekRa: noun
nirarWaka: noun
nirarWakawA: noun
nirASA: noun
nirASa: noun
nirAXAra: adjective
nirAyuXa: adjective
nirbaMXana: noun
nirBara: adjective
nirBaya: noun
niReXa: noun
niReXAjFA: noun
nirIkRaNa: noun
niRixXa: adjective
niRkaMtaka: adjective
niRkarRa: noun
niRkAsana: noun
niRkAsiwa: adjective
niRkriya: adjective
niRkriyawA: noun
nirmala: noun
nirmamawA: noun
nirmANa: noun
nirmUla: noun
nirNaya: noun
niRpakRa: noun
niRpakRawA: noun
niRPala: noun
niRpAxana: noun
niRTA: noun
nirupama: adjective
nirUpaNa: noun
nirUpiwa: adjective
niruxXa: adjective
nirvAcakagaNa: noun
nirvacana: adjective
nirvAcana: noun
nirvAciwa: adjective
nirvAha: noun
nirvAhaka: adjective
nirvANa: noun
nirvAsana: noun
nirxalIya: adjective
nirXanawA: noun
nirXAriwa: adjective
nirxayawA: noun
nirxeSaka: adjective
nirxeSana: noun
nirxeSikA: noun
nirxiRta: adjective
niryAwa: noun
niryAwaka: noun
niSA: noun
niSAnA: noun
niSAnI: noun
niSCala: noun
niScaya: noun
nissaMxeha: noun
niswAraNa: noun
nivAlA: adjective
nivAraka: adjective
nivAraNa: noun
nivarwamAna: adjective
nivAsI: noun
niveSa: noun
nivexaka: adjective
nivexana: noun
nivixA: noun
nivqwwa: noun
nIwa: adjective
nIwiSAswra: noun
nixAna: noun
niXana: noun
niXi: noun
niyAmaka: noun
niyamana: noun
niyamAvalI: noun
niyamiwa: noun
niyaMwraNa: noun
niyaMwriwa: adjective
nIyawa: noun
niyawa: noun
niyojiwa: adjective
niyokwA: noun
niyukwa: noun
nObawa: noun
nOkA: noun
nokaJoMka: noun
nOkarAnI: noun
nOkaraSAhI: noun
nOkarI: noun
nOkarIpeSA: adjective
nOlaKA: adjective
nOsenA: noun
nqpawi: noun
nqSaMsa: adjective
nqwya: noun
nukasAna: noun
nukIlA: adjective
numA: adjective
nUra: noun
nUwana: adjective
nyAsa: noun
nyAya: noun
nyAyapAlikA: noun
nyAyapITa: noun
nyAyapriya: adjective
nyAyociwa: adjective
nyowA: adjective
nyUna: adjective
ohaxA: adjective
oJA: noun
oJala: noun
ojona: noun
OkAwa: noun
olA: adjective
OlAxa: noun
oMkAra: noun
OMXA: adjective
OpacArika: adjective
OpaniveSika: adjective
Osawa: noun
Osawana: noun
owaprowa: adjective
Oxyogika: adjective
OxyogikIkaraNa: noun
pAbaMxI: noun
pablika: noun
pacA: verb
padawI: noun
pagadaMdI: noun
pagalA: adjective
pahala: noun
pahalA: adjective
pahanA: verb
paharA: adjective
paharexArI: noun
pahelI: noun
pahiyA: adjective
pahuzcI: noun
pAI: noun
PAina: noun
PAinala: noun
pa: noun
PajIhawa: noun
pAka: noun
pAkiswAna: noun
pakkA: noun
pakRAGAwa: noun
pakRapAwa: noun
pakRaXara: noun
pAkRika: adjective
pAlA: noun
pAlakI: noun
pAlana: adjective
Palana: noun
palatA: adjective
PAlawU: noun
palAyana: noun
PAlguna: noun
pAlikA: noun
pallA: adjective
paMcama: adjective
paMcAMga: adjective
paMcamI: noun
paMcanAmA: adjective
PaMda: noun
paMdA: noun
pAMdava: noun
paMgu: noun
paMjAbI: noun
paMjA: adjective
paMjI: noun
paMkacara: noun
paMKa: noun
paMKA: adjective
paMkaja: adjective
panabijalI: noun
panadubbA: adjective
panadubbI: noun
panAha: noun
pAnI: noun
panIra: noun
pannA: adjective
pApA: noun
papIwA: adjective
paraCAI: noun
parAga: noun
paraganA: adjective
parahiwa: noun
parA: noun
pArA: noun
parAjaya: noun
parAjiwa: noun
parAkrama: noun
paraloka: noun
paramahaMsa: noun
parama: adjective
paramAnaMxa: noun
paramANu: noun
parAmarSa: noun
parAmarSaxAwA: adjective
parAmarSI: noun
paramArWa: noun
paramAxeSa: noun
parameSvara: noun
pAraMgawa: adjective
paraMparAgawa: adjective
paraMparA: noun
ParAra: noun
pArasa: noun
PArasI: noun
pArasparika: noun
paraSurAma: noun
parATA: adjective
paravAha: noun
ParavarI: noun
paravariSa: noun
paravarwI: noun
parAvarwiwa: adjective
parawI: noun
paraxA: adjective
pAraxarSaka: adjective
pAraxarSiwA: noun
parAyA: adjective
parcA: adjective
pareda: noun
pareSAna: adjective
pariBARA: noun
pariBARiwa: adjective
paricAlana: noun
paricaryA: noun
paricaya: noun
pariciwa: noun
parihAra: noun
parI: noun
pArI: noun
parikalpanA: noun
parikalpiwa: adjective
parIkRA: noun
parikramA: noun
parIkRiwa: adjective
parimArjiwa: adjective
pariMxA: adjective
paripakva: adjective
paripakvawA: noun
pariprekRya: noun
paripUraka: adjective
paripUrNa: adjective
parirakRaNa: noun
pariRkAra: noun
pariRkqwa: adjective
parisaMpawwi: noun
parisara: noun
parisImana: noun
pariSrama: noun
pariSramI: noun
pAriSramika: noun
parivahana: noun
parivarwanIya: adjective
parivarwiwa: adjective
parivarXiwa: adjective
pariveSa: noun
parivyaya: noun
pAriwa: adjective
pAriwoRika: noun
pariwyAga: noun
PariyAxa: noun
pariyojanA: noun
Parja: noun
pArliyAmeMta: noun
Parma: noun
ParnIcara: noun
parokRa: adjective
ParoKwa: noun
pArSva: adjective
pArtI: noun
parvawamAlA: noun
pArvawI: noun
parvawIya: adjective
pArWiva: adjective
parxA: adjective
paryApwa: adjective
paryatana: noun
paryAya: noun
pAsabuka: noun
PAsalA: adjective
pasalI: noun
pasaMxa: noun
pasaMxIxA: adjective
pAScAwya: adjective
paScima: noun
paSu: noun
paSupAlana: noun
paSuXana: noun
paswa: adjective
patA: adjective
PatA: noun
patAKA: adjective
patala: noun
paTAna: noun
pAtana: noun
paTanIya: adjective
patarA: adjective
pATaSAlA: noun
paTiwa: adjective
patta: noun
pattA: adjective
pattana: noun
pattI: noun
pattikA: noun
pATya: adjective
pATyapuswaka: noun
pAudara: noun
pAvana: adjective
pavana: noun
pAvawI: noun
paviwra: noun
paviwrawA: noun
PavvArA: noun
Pawaha: noun
pAwa: noun
pawA: adjective
pawalA: adjective
pawaMga: noun
pawana: noun
paWarA: verb
paWarAva: noun
paWarI: noun
PawavA: adjective
pawi: noun
paWika: noun
pawnI: noun
pawrakAriwA: noun
pAwrawA: noun
pawrikA: noun
pawwA: adjective
pAxapa: noun
paxavI: noun
paxawyAga: noun
paxma: noun
paxmapurANa: noun
paxmAsana: noun
paxmaSrI: noun
paxminI: noun
paxonnawi: noun
pAyA: adjective
PAyaxA: adjective
PAyaxemaMxa: adjective
pAzcavA: adjective
pEgaMbara: noun
Pela: adjective
PElAva: noun
pEmAiSa: noun
pEmAnA: adjective
peMdulama: noun
peMSana: noun
peMsila: noun
peMxA: adjective
pena: noun
pEnA: adjective
pErAgrAPa: noun
pErA: adjective
pEravI: noun
peSAba: noun
peSa: noun
pEsA: adjective
peSA: noun
peSakaSa: noun
PEsalA: adjective
PESana: noun
pEseMjara: noun
peSI: noun
peteMta: noun
petrola: noun
pEwqka: adjective
pExA: adjective
pExAiSa: noun
pExAvAra: noun
peya: noun
piCalA: adjective
pIdA: noun
pIdiwa: noun
piGalA: verb
pIka: noun
PIkA: adjective
pikanika: noun
Pikra: noun
PilahAla: noun
pIla: noun
pIlA: adjective
pIlI: noun
pIliyA: noun
piMdaxAna: noun
piMjarA: adjective
pina: noun
pIpA: adjective
pIra: noun
PirakA: adjective
PirakI: noun
piro: verb
PirOwI: noun
pisA: verb
PIsa: noun
Pisalana: noun
piswA: adjective
piswOla: noun
pitAI: noun
Pita: noun
pITa: noun
pitArA: adjective
pITAsIna: adjective
pITI: noun
pIwa: adjective
piwA: noun
piwAjI: noun
pIwala: noun
piwAmahI: noun
pIwAMbara: noun
piwara: noun
plAna: noun
plAstara: noun
plAstika: noun
plega: noun
pleta: noun
PlU: noun
poKarA: adjective
pola: noun
polA: adjective
Pona: noun
pOnA: adjective
poRaka: adjective
poRaNa: noun
pOrANika: adjective
poRiwa: adjective
posta: noun
postamArtama: adjective
potASa: noun
PotogrAPa: noun
PotogrAPI: noun
powA: adjective
powI: noun
pOwra: adjective
pOwrI: noun
pOXA: adjective
pqRTaBAga: noun
pqRTAMkana: noun
pqWakkaraNa: noun
pqWvI: noun
praBA: noun
praBAkara: noun
prabala: adjective
prabaMXa: noun
praBAra: noun
praBAvaSAlI: noun
praBAwa: noun
praBu: noun
praBuwA: noun
praBuwva: noun
prabuxXa: adjective
pracalana: noun
pracaMda: noun
pracAra: noun
pracAriwa: adjective
prAcIna: noun
prAcInawA: noun
prAcIra: noun
pracura: adjective
pracurawA: noun
pragawiSIla: adjective
prAimarI: noun
prAiveta: adjective
prajanana: noun
prajAwA: noun
prajAwaMwra: noun
prajFA: noun
prakalpiwa: adjective
praKara: adjective
prakASa: noun
prakASana: noun
prakASiwa: adjective
prakata: noun
prakatIkaraNa: noun
prAkkalana: noun
prakopa: noun
prAkqwika: adjective
prakRAlana: noun
prakRepaNa: noun
prakriyA: noun
praKyApiwa: adjective
praKyAwa: adjective
pralaya: noun
pramaMdala: noun
pramANana: noun
prAmANika: adjective
pramANiwa: adjective
prAMgaNa: noun
pramoxa: noun
PrAMsa: noun
prAMwa: noun
prAMwIya: adjective
praNAlI: noun
prANAMwaka: noun
praPulla: adjective
prApwa: adjective
prAraMBa: noun
prAraMBika: adjective
prArWanA: noun
praSAKA: noun
prAsaMgika: adjective
praSaMsA: noun
praSaMsanIya: adjective
praSaMsiwa: adjective
praSAMwa: adjective
prasanna: noun
prasannawA: noun
prasAra: noun
prasAraNa: noun
prasariwa: adjective
prasAriwa: adjective
praSAsana: noun
praSaswa: adjective
praSaswi: noun
prasAxa: noun
prasAXana: noun
praSikRaNa: noun
praSikRiwa: adjective
prasixXa: noun
praSraya: noun
prasUwi: noun
prasWAna: noun
prasWApanA: noun
prasWApiwa: adjective
praswAvanA: noun
praswAviwa: adjective
praswuwa: adjective
praswuwi: noun
pravacana: noun
pravAha: noun
pravAhiwa: adjective
pravakwA: noun
pravarwana: noun
pravarwiwa: adjective
pravAsa: noun
praveSa: noun
pravINa: noun
praviRta: adjective
praviRti: noun
praviXi: noun
prAviXika: adjective
pravqwwa: adjective
prAwaHkAla: noun
praWA: noun
praWama: adjective
prAWamika: adjective
prAWamikawA: noun
prawApa: noun
prawiBA: noun
prawibaxXawA: noun
prawihAra: noun
prawijFA: noun
prawijFAna: noun
prawIka: noun
prawikara: noun
prawikAra: noun
prawikqwi: noun
prawIkRA: noun
prawikriyA: noun
prawikUla: noun
prawilipi: noun
prawimA: noun
prawiniXi: noun
prawiniXiwva: noun
prawiniyukwi: noun
prawipakRa: noun
prawiPala: noun
prawipAlaka: noun
prawipAlya: adjective
prawipAxana: noun
prawipAxiwa: adjective
prawipUrwi: noun
prawirakRA: noun
prawirakRaNa: noun
prawiReXa: noun
prawiRixXa: adjective
prawiroXa: noun
prawiroXaka: adjective
prawiRTA: noun
prawiRTApiwa: adjective
prawiSawa: noun
prawisWApana: noun
prawivexana: noun
prawivexiwa: adjective
prawIwa: noun
prawixvaMxviwA: noun
prawiXvani: noun
prawiyogiwA: noun
prawyABUwi: noun
prawyakRa: adjective
prawyakRIkaraNa: noun
prawyarpaNa: noun
prawyASA: noun
prawyeka: adjective
prawyupakAra: noun
prawyuwwara: noun
praxakRiNA: noun
praxAna: noun
praXAnawA: noun
prAXAnya: noun
praxarSanI: noun
praxarSiwa: adjective
praxAwA: noun
prAxeSika: adjective
prAXikAra: noun
prAXikaraNa: noun
prAXikqwa: adjective
praxURaNa: noun
praxURiwa: adjective
prAXyApaka: noun
prayAga: noun
prAyaSciwa: noun
prayogaSAlA: noun
prAyogika: adjective
prayukwa: adjective
prayukwi: noun
prekRA: noun
prekRaNa: noun
prEktisa: noun
prema: noun
premikA: noun
preraNA: noun
preriwa: noun
presIdeMta: noun
priMsa: noun
priMtiMga: noun
prIwama: noun
priya: adjective
priyA: noun
priyajana: noun
progrAma: noun
pronnawi: noun
protIna: noun
prowsAhana: noun
prowsAhiwa: adjective
prOxyogikI: noun
puAla: noun
puCallA: adjective
pucCa: noun
pucCala: noun
PuhAra: noun
pUjA: noun
pUjana: noun
pUjya: noun
puKarAja: noun
pulakiwa: adjective
PulavArI: noun
pulisa: noun
puMja: noun
punaHsWApana: noun
punarIkRaNa: noun
punarjAgaraNa: noun
punarnirmANa: noun
punarujjIvana: noun
punarvAsa: noun
punarvicAra: noun
punarvilokana: noun
punIwa: noun
PUPA: noun
PUPI: noun
purA: noun
purAnA: adjective
purAnI: adjective
Purasawa: noun
puraskqwa: adjective
purAwana: adjective
purAwawwva: noun
purI: noun
pUrI: noun
puRkara: noun
pUrNamAsI: noun
pUrNawA: noun
puRta: adjective
puruRawva: noun
puruRowwama: noun
pUrva: adjective
pUrvajA: noun
pUrvokwa: adjective
pUrvowwara: adjective
purwagAlI: noun
PurwI: noun
pUrwi: noun
puswakAlaya: noun
PutabAla: noun
puta: noun
Puta: noun
PUtana: noun
PutapAWa: noun
puwrI: noun
puwriya: adjective
pUzjI: noun
pyAra: noun
pyArA: adjective
pyArI: adjective
pyAsa: noun
pyUpA: adjective
qNa: noun
qNAwmaka: adjective
qRi: noun
qwu: noun
rabI: noun
racA: verb
racanA: noun
racanAwmaka: noun
racayiwA: adjective
raGu: noun
rahanA: noun
rahama: noun
rahana: noun
rAhawa: noun
rAhI: noun
rahiwa: adjective
rAI: noun
ra: noun
rAjaBavana: noun
rajAI: noun
rAja: noun
rAjA: noun
rajA: noun
rAjakIya: adjective
rAjakoRa: noun
rAjakumArI: noun
rajAmaMxa: adjective
rajAmaMxI: noun
rajanI: noun
rAjanIwika: adjective
rAjapaWa: noun
rAjapawra: noun
rAjarAnI: noun
rAjarRi: noun
rAjasva: noun
rAjavaMSa: noun
rajawa: adjective
rAjaXAnI: noun
rAjaxroha: noun
rAjeMxra: noun
rAjI: noun
rajistreSana: noun
rajistrI: noun
rAjIva: noun
rajonivqwwi: noun
rAjyalakRmI: noun
rAKa: noun
raKA: verb
rakama: noun
raKavA: verb
rAkeSa: noun
rAKI: noun
rakRA: noun
rakwacApa: noun
rakwa: noun
rakwasrAva: noun
rakwaXArA: noun
rAla: noun
rAmabANa: noun
ramA: verb
rAma: noun
ramajAna: noun
rAmalIlA: noun
rAmAnaMxa: noun
ramaNIka: adjective
ramaNIya: adjective
ramaNIyawA: noun
rAmapura: noun
rAmAyaNa: noun
rAmeSvara: noun
raMgabiraMgA: adjective
raMgawa: noun
raMgIna: adjective
raMjana: noun
raMjiSa: noun
raMka: adjective
raNa: noun
rANA: noun
rapata: noun
raPwAra: noun
RaRTa: adjective
rARtrapawi: noun
rARtravAxa: noun
rARtrIya: adjective
rARtrIyakaraNa: noun
rasaBarI: noun
rasa: noun
rAsa: noun
rASana: noun
rasAsvAxana: noun
rasAyana: noun
rAsAyanika: adjective
rasiyA: adjective
rasma: noun
rasoI: noun
rassA: adjective
rAswA: adjective
ravAnA: adjective
ravEyA: adjective
ravi: noun
rAvI: noun
ravivAra: noun
raWayAwrA: noun
rawnAkara: noun
rAwri: noun
rawwI: noun
rAXA: noun
raxxa: noun
raxxI: noun
rAya: noun
rAyaPala: noun
rAyawA: adjective
regiswAna: noun
rejideMta: noun
rejimeMta: noun
reKA: noun
reKAMkiwa: adjective
relA: adjective
rela: noun
reliMga: noun
rEna: noun
reNukA: noun
reSA: adjective
reSama: noun
reta: noun
rewI: noun
rewIlA: noun
rihAI: noun
rihA: adjective
riharsala: noun
rihAyaSI: noun
rijalta: noun
rijarva: adjective
rikSA: adjective
rikwa: adjective
rIla: noun
rilIPa: noun
riportara: noun
riSvawa: noun
riSwA: adjective
riSwexArI: noun
rita: noun
rivAlvara: noun
rIwA: adjective
riyAyawI: noun
rocaka: adjective
roda: noun
RodaSI: noun
rohiNI: noun
rohiwa: adjective
ro: verb
roja: noun
rokaWAma: noun
romAMca: noun
romAMcaka: adjective
romAMcakArI: noun
romAMciwa: adjective
romana: noun
roMgatA: adjective
rOnaka: noun
ropaNa: noun
roRa: noun
roSana: adjective
roSanI: noun
rotI: noun
ruci: noun
rugNa: noun
ruJAna: noun
ruKa: noun
rukAvata: noun
rUpa: noun
rUpA: adjective
rUpaka: noun
rUpAMwariwa: adjective
rupayA: adjective
rUpayA: adjective
rUpI: noun
ruwabA: adjective
ruxra: noun
SabAba: noun
sabadivIjana: noun
saba: pronoun
saBA: noun
sabaka: noun
SabAnA: adjective
saBApawi: noun
saBI: noun
sAbiwa: adjective
sabjI: noun
sabra: noun
SabxAvalI: noun
SAbxika: adjective
saBya: noun
saByawA: noun
sacAI: noun
saccAI: noun
saccA: adjective
saccI: adjective
saccixAnaMxa: noun
sacewa: noun
sagAI: noun
sAga: noun
sagA: adjective
saGana: adjective
sAgara: noun
SAhabAja: noun
sahacara: adjective
sAhacarya: noun
Saha: noun
SAha: noun
sahakArI: noun
sahakAriwA: noun
sahana: adjective
sahArA: adjective
sAhasa: noun
sAhasika: adjective
sahaswra: adjective
Sahaxa: noun
SahAxawa: noun
sahAya: noun
sahAyawA: noun
sahayoga: noun
sAhAyya: noun
sAhila: noun
sahiRNuwA: noun
sAhiwya: noun
sAhiwyika: adjective
sAikila: noun
sAiMsa: noun
Sa: noun
sAJA: adjective
sajana: noun
sajAvata: noun
sajAvatI: noun
sAJexArI: noun
sajIva: adjective
sajjA: noun
sajjiwa: adjective
SAkAhAra: noun
SAKA: noun
Saka: noun
saKA: adjective
sAKa: noun
sakala: adjective
Sakala: noun
sAkAra: adjective
sakArAwmaka: adjective
SakIla: adjective
Sakkara: noun
Sakla: noun
sakRama: adjective
sAkRara: noun
sAkRarawA: noun
sAkRAwkAra: noun
sAkRI: noun
sakriya: noun
sakriyawA: noun
sAkRya: adjective
SakuMwalA: noun
Sakuna: noun
SakunI: noun
sakuSala: noun
saKwa: adjective
SAkwa: adjective
Sakwi: noun
saKwI: noun
sAlagiraha: noun
salAha: noun
SAla: noun
sAlA: noun
salAKa: noun
salAma: noun
salAmawa: noun
salAmI: noun
sAlAnA: adjective
salAxa: noun
sAlI: noun
salIkA: adjective
salila: noun
SAlInawA: noun
salUka: noun
Salya: noun
samAgama: noun
samagra: adjective
sAmagrI: noun
samAhiwa: adjective
sama: adjective
SamA: noun
sAma: noun
SAma: noun
samAja: noun
samAjasevA: noun
samAjasevI: noun
samAjavAxa: noun
samaJaxArI: noun
sAmAjika: adjective
samaJOwA: adjective
samakakRa: adjective
samakAlIna: adjective
samakRa: adjective
sampanna: adjective
sAmaMwavAxa: noun
sAmaMwI: noun
samaMxara: noun
samAnAMwara: adjective
samAnawA: noun
samanvaya: noun
samanviwa: adjective
sAmAnya: adjective
samApana: noun
samApanna: adjective
samApwa: noun
samara: noun
samarpaNa: noun
samarpiwa: adjective
samarWa: noun
samarWana: noun
samarWiwa: adjective
sAmarWya: noun
samaswa: adjective
samasyA: noun
samAveSa: noun
samavewa: adjective
samAviRta: adjective
samawA: noun
samawala: adjective
samAXAna: noun
samAxeSa: noun
samAXi: noun
samaya: noun
sAmayika: adjective
samAyojana: noun
saMBAga: noun
saMbala: noun
saMbaMXa: noun
saMBava: noun
saMBAvanA: noun
saMBAviwa: adjective
saMBAvya: adjective
saMbaxXa: adjective
saMboXana: noun
saMboXiwa: adjective
saMBrAMwa: adjective
SaMBu: noun
saMcAlaka: noun
saMcAra: noun
saMcaraNa: noun
saMcAriwa: adjective
saMciwa: adjective
saMgama: noun
saMgamaramara: noun
saMgaNanA: noun
saMGarRa: noun
saMgaTiwa: adjective
saMgawa: noun
saMgIwa: noun
saMgqhIwa: adjective
saMgraha: noun
saMgrahaNa: noun
saMgrAma: noun
saMhAra: noun
saMhiwA: noun
samIcIna: adjective
samIkRA: noun
SAmila: adjective
samIpasWa: adjective
samIra: noun
SAmiyAnA: adjective
saMjFA: noun
saMjFAna: noun
saMjIvana: noun
saMjIvanI: noun
saMjo: verb
SaMkA: noun
saMkaliwa: adjective
saMkalpanA: noun
saMkara: noun
SaMkara: noun
saMkatApanna: adjective
saMkAya: noun
saMkewana: noun
sAMkewika: adjective
saMkIrNawA: noun
saMkoca: noun
saMkrAmaka: adjective
saMkramaNa: noun
saMkramiwa: adjective
saMkrAMwi: noun
saMkRepa: noun
saMkRepaNa: noun
saMkRipwa: noun
saMkRipwIkaraNa: noun
saMkuciwa: adjective
saMKyA: noun
sAMKyikI: noun
saMlagna: adjective
saMlipwa: adjective
sammawa: adjective
sammiliwa: adjective
sammiSraNa: noun
samosA: adjective
saMpanna: noun
saMpannawA: noun
saMparka: noun
saMpawwi: noun
saMpaxA: noun
saMpAxakIya: adjective
saMpAxana: noun
saMpAxiwa: adjective
saMpraBuwA: noun
saMpraxAya: noun
sAMpraxAyika: adjective
sAMpraxAyikawA: noun
saMpUrNa: adjective
samqxXa: adjective
saMracanA: noun
sAmrAjya: noun
sAmrAjyavAxa: noun
saMrakRaNa: noun
saMrakRiwa: adjective
saMsakwa: adjective
saMsAra: noun
sAMsArika: adjective
saMSaya: noun
saMskqwa: noun
sAMskqwika: adjective
saMSoXaka: adjective
saMSoXiwa: adjective
saMsUciwa: adjective
saMsWA: noun
saMsWiwa: adjective
saMswuwa: adjective
saMswuwi: noun
samUcA: adjective
samuciwa: noun
sAmUhika: adjective
samunnawa: adjective
sAmuxAyika: adjective
samuxra: noun
samuxrIya: adjective
saMvara: noun
saMvarxXana: adjective
saMvarxXiwa: adjective
saMvexanA: noun
saMvexanaSIla: adjective
saMvexanaSIlawA: noun
saMvEXAnika: adjective
saMviXAna: noun
saMvqxXi: noun
SAMwa: adjective
saMwarA: adjective
saMwarI: noun
SAMwipriya: adjective
SAMwipUrNa: adjective
saMwoRa: noun
saMwulana: noun
saMwuliwa: adjective
saMwuRta: noun
saMxala: noun
saMxarBa: noun
saMxeha: noun
saMxigXa: adjective
saMXi: noun
saMXiwa: adjective
saMxURiwa: adjective
sAMXya: adjective
saMXyA: noun
saMXyAkAla: noun
saMyama: noun
saMyamiwa: adjective
saMyoga: noun
saMyojana: noun
saMyukwa: adjective
sana: noun
SAna: noun
SAnaSOkawa: adjective
SAnaxAra: adjective
Sani: noun
sanI: noun
sAnI: noun
SanivAra: noun
sannAtA: adjective
saPAI: noun
sAPa: noun
saPala: noun
saPalawA: noun
sapanA: adjective
saPara: noun
SapaWagrahaNa: noun
SapaWa: noun
saPAyA: noun
saPexa: noun
saPexA: adjective
saPexI: noun
saplAI: noun
sapwAha: noun
sApwAhika: adjective
sapwamI: noun
SarAba: noun
sAragarBiwa: adjective
sarAhanIya: adjective
sara: adjective
sAra: noun
sarakArI: noun
sarala: noun
saralawA: noun
saralIkaraNa: noun
sArAMSa: noun
SaraNa: noun
sAranAWa: noun
sarapata: noun
SarAPawa: noun
SarArawa: noun
sarasa: adjective
sArasvawa: adjective
sarasvawI: noun
SAraxA: noun
sarAya: noun
SarIawa: noun
sArI: noun
SarIka: adjective
sArikA: noun
SArIrika: adjective
sariwA: noun
sarjana: noun
sarjarI: noun
SarkarA: noun
sarkila: noun
Sarma: noun
SarmanAka: noun
SarmasAra: adjective
SarmiMxA: noun
saroja: adjective
sarokAra: noun
sarovara: noun
sArvaBOmika: adjective
sarva: adjective
sArvajanika: adjective
sarvasammawa: adjective
sarvasammawi: noun
sarvaSreRTa: adjective
sarvaxalIya: adjective
sarvAXika: adjective
sarvekRaka: noun
sarvekRaNa: noun
sarvisa: noun
sarvocca: adjective
sarvowwama: adjective
sarvoxaya: noun
sArWaka: adjective
sarxI: noun
SaSAMka: noun
saSaswra: adjective
SAsiwa: adjective
saSrama: noun
sasura: noun
sasurAla: noun
saswA: adjective
saswI: noun
SAswrIya: adjective
Sasya: adjective
sasya: noun
satA: verb
sATA: adjective
sAuWa: noun
savA: adjective
sAvana: noun
savArI: noun
savarNa: adjective
sAvaXAna: adjective
sAvaXAnI: noun
SavayAwrA: noun
saverA: adjective
sAviwrI: noun
SawAbxI: noun
sawahI: noun
SawaraMja: noun
sawarka: noun
sawarkawA: noun
sawawa: adjective
sawayuga: noun
SawI: noun
sawI: noun
SAwira: adjective
sawkAra: noun
sawra: noun
sawrAvasAna: noun
Sawru: noun
SawruwA: noun
SawruwApUrNa: adjective
sawuA: adjective
sawwA: noun
sawyAgraha: noun
sawya: noun
sawyanArAyaNa: noun
sawyAnASa: noun
sawyApana: noun
sawyavAxI: noun
sawyavrawa: adjective
sawyawA: noun
saxAbahAra: noun
saxAcAra: noun
sAxagI: noun
sAXa: adjective
sAxA: adjective
sAXaka: adjective
saxAkawa: noun
saxamA: adjective
sAXanA: noun
saxAnaMxa: adjective
sAxara: adjective
saxasyawA: noun
saxBAva: noun
saxBAvanA: noun
saxI: noun
sAxI: noun
SAxI: noun
sAXu: noun
saxupayoga: noun
sAXvI: noun
saxXarma: noun
sAXya: adjective
saxyojAwa: adjective
sAyA: adjective
SAyarA: noun
SAyarI: noun
sAzcA: adjective
sAzJa: noun
sAzsa: noun
seharA: adjective
sehawa: noun
seja: noun
seka: noun
sekaMda: noun
SeKara: noun
SEkRaNika: noun
SEkRika: noun
sektara: noun
sElAba: noun
SEla: adjective
SElajA: noun
SElenxra: noun
SElI: noun
sElUna: noun
sEMdala: noun
semIPAinala: noun
seMsara: noun
seMta: noun
seMtIgreda: noun
seMtImItara: noun
seMtrala: adjective
seMXa: noun
senA: noun
senApawi: noun
senAXyakRa: noun
sEnya: adjective
sEragAha: noun
sEra: noun
SeRa: noun
SeRanAga: noun
sErasapAtA: adjective
seSana: noun
seta: noun
SEva: adjective
sevA: noun
seva: noun
sevana: noun
sevAnivqwwi: noun
sewu: noun
sExXAMwika: adjective
sIdI: noun
sigAra: noun
sigareta: noun
SIGrawA: noun
siharA: verb
siKa: noun
SikaMjA: adjective
Sikaswa: noun
sikkA: adjective
SikRA: noun
SikRaNa: noun
SikRiwa: adjective
SilA: noun
sIla: noun
silA: verb
SIla: noun
SilAnyAsa: noun
SilApatta: noun
silasilA: adjective
silka: noun
SilpakalA: noun
sImA: noun
sImAMkana: noun
sImAMwa: noun
siMcAI: noun
siMciwa: adjective
siMdiketa: noun
sImeMta: noun
sImiwa: adjective
siMXa: noun
siMXu: noun
siMxUra: noun
sIna: noun
sInA: adjective
sInAjorI: noun
SinAKwa: noun
sinemA: adjective
sIniyara: noun
siPAriSI: noun
SirA: noun
sirA: noun
Sirakawa: noun
sIrIja: noun
SirIRa: noun
sIriyala: noun
SiromaNi: noun
SIrRa: noun
SiRtAcAra: noun
SiRta: adjective
SiRtamaMdala: noun
SISA: adjective
SiSira: noun
SiSu: noun
sItI: noun
SivA: noun
Siva: noun
sivA: adjective
SivAjI: noun
SivAnI: noun
SivapurI: noun
SIwa: adjective
sIwA: noun
SIwakAla: noun
SIwakAlIna: adjective
SIwala: adjective
SIwalawA: noun
siwaMbara: noun
siwAra: noun
siwArA: adjective
SiWila: adjective
SiWilIkaraNa: noun
SIwoRNa: adjective
sIXA: adjective
sIXa: noun
Sixxawa: noun
smqwi: noun
snAyu: noun
sOBAgya: noun
sOBAgyaSAlI: noun
SoBA: noun
SOca: noun
SocanIya: noun
sodA: noun
Soharawa: noun
sOhArxa: noun
so: verb
sOjanya: noun
SoKa: adjective
Soka: noun
SolA: adjective
solaMkI: noun
somavAra: noun
sOMPa: noun
sOMxaryaboXa: noun
sOMxarya: noun
sOmya: adjective
sonA: noun
soPA: adjective
sOraBa: adjective
Sora: noun
sOra: noun
SoRaka: adjective
SoRaNa: noun
sOrARtra: adjective
SoRiwa: adjective
SOrya: noun
sosAitI: noun
sowA: adjective
sOwelA: adjective
sOxA: adjective
SoXana: adjective
sOxebAjI: noun
sPIwi: noun
SqMKalA: noun
sqRti: noun
Srama: noun
SramaNa: noun
SravaNa: noun
SrAvaNa: noun
SrAvaNI: noun
SraxXA: noun
SraxXAlu: noun
SreNI: noun
SreNIkaraNa: noun
SreRTa: noun
Sreya: noun
Sreyaskara: adjective
SrI: noun
SrIkAMwa: noun
SrIlaMkA: adjective
SrImawI: noun
SrInivAsa: noun
SrIrAma: noun
SrowA: noun
suA: noun
subaha: noun
SuBa: adjective
SuBA: noun
sUbA: adjective
SuBakAmanA: noun
sUbexAra: noun
SuBrA: noun
sUcaka: adjective
sUcakAMka: noun
sUcanA: noun
sucAru: noun
sUcI: noun
sUciwa: adjective
SuciwA: noun
sugaMXa: noun
suI: noun
sUjA: adjective
sUjana: noun
sUjI: noun
sUKA: adjective
sUKI: adjective
Sukla: adjective
SuklA: noun
Sukra: noun
SukravAra: noun
sUkRma: adjective
sUkRmajIva: noun
sUkRmaxarSI: noun
sulagA: verb
sulaha: noun
sulA: verb
Sulka: noun
SumAra: noun
sumAwrA: adjective
suMxara: noun
suMxarawA: noun
suMxarI: noun
sunAI: noun
sUnA: noun
sunasAna: noun
sunavAI: noun
sunxara: adjective
SUnya: noun
SUnyavAxa: noun
sUPZI: noun
surAhI: noun
sUraja: noun
surakRA: noun
sUrawa: noun
sUraxAsa: noun
SuRka: adjective
SurUAwa: noun
sUrya: noun
sUryAswa: noun
sUryoxaya: noun
suswA: verb
suswa: noun
suswI: noun
suviXA: noun
sUwa: noun
suWarA: adjective
sUwI: noun
sUwrapAwa: noun
sUwrIya: adjective
suxI: noun
SuxXa: adjective
SuxXawA: noun
SvAsa: noun
SvAsakaRta: noun
Svasana: noun
SvAsanalI: noun
SvAsAvaroXa: noun
Svewa: adjective
SvewAMbara: noun
svIkqwi: noun
sWAI: noun
syAhI: noun
SyAma: adjective
SyAmA: noun
SyAmala: adjective
SyAmalA: noun
TagA: verb
TagI: noun
tahalA: verb
TaharAva: noun
tAI: noun
tAima: noun
tAipa: noun
takarAva: noun
takatakI: noun
takkara: noun
tAlI: noun
tAlU: noun
TaMda: noun
TaMdA: noun
TaMdI: adjective
taMkI: noun
Tapa: adjective
TekA: adjective
tEksa: noun
telIgrAma: noun
telIgrAPa: noun
telIPona: noun
telIskopa: noun
TeMgA: adjective
tenisa: noun
Tesa: noun
TeTa: adjective
tI: noun
TIka: adjective
tIkA: noun
tIka: noun
TikAnA: adjective
tikaTI: noun
tIlA: adjective
tIna: noun
tokAtAkI: noun
tolA: adjective
tola: noun
tolI: noun
tonA: adjective
Tosa: noun
trAlI: noun
trasta: noun
treniMga: noun
tukadA: adjective
tUtana: noun
ucca: adjective
uciwa: adjective
uddayana: noun
ugAhI: noun
ugra: adjective
ugravAxa: noun
ugravAxI: noun
ujAgara: noun
ujalA: adjective
ujAlA: adjective
ujjvalA: noun
ukasAvA: adjective
ukwa: adjective
ukwi: noun
ulamA: noun
ulatA: verb
ulatI: noun
ullaMGana: noun
ulleKa: noun
ulleKanIya: adjective
ulliKiwa: adjective
umA: noun
umAkAMwa: noun
umaMga: noun
umara: noun
umasa: noun
ummIxavArI: noun
umra: noun
umxA: adjective
uMgalI: noun
unmAxI: adjective
unmukwa: adjective
unmUlana: noun
unnawi: noun
unnAyaka: adjective
upabaMXa: noun
upabaMXiwa: adjective
upaBexa: noun
upaBoga: noun
upaBokwA: noun
upajA: verb
upajAU: noun
upajAUpana: noun
upakulapawi: noun
upalabXa: adjective
upalakRya: adjective
upamA: noun
upamaMdala: noun
uPAna: noun
upanAma: noun
upanewA: noun
uparARtrapawi: noun
upArjiwa: adjective
uparokwa: adjective
upasaBApawi: noun
upaSAmaka: adjective
upAsanA: noun
upaSIrRaka: noun
upasWiwa: adjective
upaviXi: noun
upAxAna: noun
upAXyAya: noun
upayogI: adjective
upayogiwA: noun
upayukwa: adjective
upAyukwa: noun
upekRA: noun
upekRiwa: adjective
upeMxra: noun
uqNa: adjective
uRA: noun
UrjA: noun
uRNa: adjective
urvaraka: noun
urxU: noun
usakA: verb
Usara: adjective
uTAna: noun
uwarAI: noun
uwarA: verb
uwArU: noun
uwKanana: noun
uwkarRa: noun
uwkIrNa: adjective
uwkqRta: adjective
uwpanna: adjective
uwpreraka: noun
uwsAha: noun
uwsAhI: noun
uwsarga: noun
uwsukawA: noun
uwwama: adjective
uwwamawA: noun
uwWAna: noun
uwwarA: noun
uwwarakASI: noun
uwwarapraxeSa: noun
uwwaraxAyI: noun
uwwarAyaNa: noun
uwwejanA: noun
uwwIrNa: noun
uxAra: noun
uXAra: noun
uxAsI: noun
uxAsInawA: noun
uxaya: noun
uxayapura: noun
uxBava: noun
uxgama: noun
uxGAtana: noun
uxGoRaNA: noun
uxiwa: adjective
uxveliwa: adjective
uxXAra: noun
uxXawa: adjective
uxXqwa: adjective
uxyama: noun
uxyAna: noun
uxyoga: noun
uxyogapawi: noun
UzcAI: noun
UzcA: adjective
uzgalI: noun
vAcaka: adjective
vacanabaMXa: noun
vacanabaxXa: adjective
vaha: pronoun
vahA: noun
vAhaka: adjective
vahana: noun
vAhavAhI: noun
vahI: noun
vAhikA: noun
vAhinI: noun
vAhya: noun
vAisarAya: noun
vajana: noun
vAjiba: adjective
vajIPA: adjective
vajUxa: noun
vakAlawa: noun
vAkiPa: adjective
vakPa: noun
vakwa: noun
vakwA: noun
vAla: noun
valI: noun
valkala: noun
vAlmIki: noun
vAmA: noun
vAma: noun
vAmana: adjective
vamana: noun
vAMCA: noun
vaMcana: noun
vAMCanIya: adjective
vaMciwa: adjective
vAMCiwa: adjective
vaMSa: noun
vAnara: noun
vanavAsa: noun
vANI: noun
vANijya: noun
vanya: noun
vApasa: adjective
vaPAxArI: noun
vApI: noun
varAha: noun
varaNa: noun
varanA: adjective
vArANasI: noun
varcasva: noun
vArdana: noun
vargIkaraNa: noun
vargIya: adjective
variRTa: adjective
variRTawama: adjective
vArisa: noun
varjana: noun
varjiwa: adjective
varNamAlA: noun
varNanA: noun
varNana: noun
varNiwa: adjective
vARpa: noun
varRA: noun
varRAkAla: noun
vArRika: adjective
varuNA: noun
varuNa: noun
vArwA: noun
varwamAna: noun
varwanI: noun
varXana: noun
varxI: noun
varXiwa: adjective
varxXana: noun
vaSa: noun
vAsa: noun
vasA: noun
vasaMwa: noun
vAsaMwI: noun
vAsI: noun
vasIyawa: noun
vAsuki: noun
vasUlI: noun
vasuMXarA: noun
vAsuxeva: noun
vAswA: adjective
vAswavikawA: noun
vAswu: noun
vAta: noun
vAtara: noun
vAtaraprUPa: adjective
vawana: noun
vAwAnukUliwa: adjective
vAwAvaraNa: noun
vaXa: noun
vAxA: adjective
vAxAKilAPI: noun
vAxI: noun
vaXU: noun
vAyaralesa: noun
vAyarasa: noun
vAyaxA: adjective
vayovqxXa: adjective
vAyumaMdala: noun
vAyusenA: noun
vAyusevA: noun
vEBava: noun
vEsA: adjective
vESAKa: noun
vESAlI: noun
vEsI: adjective
veSyA: noun
vewana: noun
vexanA: noun
vexI: noun
vEyakwika: noun
vhiskI: noun
viBAjana: noun
vIBawsa: noun
viBinnawA: noun
vicalana: noun
vicara: verb
vicaraNa: noun
vicAraNa: noun
vicAraXArA: noun
vicariwa: adjective
vicAriwa: adjective
vicCexana: noun
viciwra: adjective
viGatana: noun
viGatiwa: adjective
vigawa: adjective
vigraha: noun
vijana: adjective
vijayA: noun
vijayI: noun
vijewA: noun
vijFAna: noun
vijFAnI: noun
vijFApanaxAwA: noun
vijFapwi: noun
vikalAMga: adjective
vikalpa: noun
vikarAla: adjective
vikasiwa: adjective
vikata: adjective
vikqwa: adjective
vikrama: noun
vikrAMwa: adjective
vikraya: noun
vikrewA: noun
vikRoBa: noun
vikRubXa: adjective
viKyAwa: adjective
vilApa: noun
vilAyawI: noun
viMXyAcala: noun
viMXya: noun
viMXyavAsinI: noun
vinamrawA: noun
vinASa: noun
vinaya: noun
viPala: noun
viPalawA: noun
vipawwi: noun
vipaxA: noun
viRa: noun
virAma: noun
viRamawA: noun
vIrAna: noun
viRANu: noun
virAsawa: noun
vIrawA: noun
viRElA: adjective
viRNu: noun
viSAla: adjective
visaMgawi: noun
viSeRajFawA: noun
viSeRawA: noun
viSiRtawA: noun
vismaya: noun
viSrAma: noun
viSva: noun
viSvAsa: noun
viswAra: noun
vivaraNa: noun
vivaSa: noun
vivaSawA: noun
viveka: noun
viviXawA: noun
viwwa: noun
vixAI: noun
vixA: noun
viXA: noun
viXavA: noun
vixyA: noun
vqwi: noun
vyAkaraNa: noun
vyakwi: noun
vyakwiwva: noun
vyAKyA: noun
vyAKyAwA: noun
vyaMga: noun
vyaMjanA: noun
vyApAra: noun
vyApwi: noun
vyavasWA: noun
vyaWA: noun
vyAXi: noun
vyaya: noun
vyAyAma: noun
wabAhI: noun
wabakA: adjective
wabAxalA: adjective
wabiyawa: noun
wabIyawa: noun
wagAxA: adjective
waha: noun
wahajIba: noun
wahakIkAwa: noun
wahalakA: adjective
wahasIla: noun
wAI: noun
Wa: noun
wAja: noun
wAjA: noun
wAjamahala: noun
wAjapoSI: noun
wAjI: adjective
WakA: adjective
wakAjA: adjective
wakalI: noun
WakAna: noun
wakanIka: noun
wakanIkI: noun
wakarAra: noun
WakAvata: noun
wakaxIra: noun
wakiyA: adjective
WakkA: adjective
wakRaka: noun
waKwA: adjective
walaba: noun
walahatI: noun
Wala: noun
WAla: noun
walA: noun
wAlA: adjective
WAlA: adjective
walAka: noun
wAlamela: noun
walASI: noun
walavAra: noun
wAlI: noun
WAlI: noun
wAlikA: noun
wAlIma: noun
wamagA: adjective
wAmaJAma: noun
wamAma: adjective
wamannA: noun
wAMdava: noun
waMga: noun
waMgI: noun
wamila: noun
wAmra: noun
waMwra: noun
waMwrikA: noun
waMwu: noun
wAnAbAnA: adjective
WAna: noun
wanA: adjective
wAnA: adjective
WAnA: adjective
wAnASAhI: noun
wanmayawA: noun
wanu: noun
wApamAna: noun
wapana: noun
wapasvinI: noun
wapasyA: noun
wapexika: noun
wapovana: noun
wArA: noun
wara: verb
warajIha: noun
warakkI: noun
wArakola: noun
warala: adjective
wArAmaMdala: noun
waraMga: noun
waraNa: noun
wArawamya: noun
Warda: adjective
warIkA: adjective
wArIKa: noun
wArIPa: noun
warka: noun
warkasaMgawa: adjective
wasallI: noun
wasavIra: noun
waskarI: noun
watavarwI: noun
wavA: adjective
waWAkaWiwa: adjective
wAwkAlika: adjective
wawkAlIna: adjective
wawpara: adjective
wawparawA: noun
wAwparya: noun
wAxAxa: noun
wejapawwA: adjective
wejasvinI: noun
wejI: noun
WElA: adjective
WElI: noun
wEnAwa: adjective
wErAkI: noun
wESa: noun
wEsA: adjective
wevara: noun
wEyAra: adjective
wibbawa: noun
wihAI: noun
wijorI: noun
wIKA: adjective
wikonA: adjective
wIkRNa: noun
wilAMjali: noun
wIlI: noun
willI: noun
wimAhI: noun
winakA: adjective
wiraCA: adjective
wiraMgA: adjective
wiraskAra: noun
wIrWarAja: noun
wIrWAtana: noun
wIrWayAwrA: noun
wIsa: adjective
wIsarA: adjective
wivArI: noun
wohaPA: adjective
wOhInI: noun
Woka: noun
woMxa: noun
wqwIya: noun
wrAsaxI: noun
wrEmAsika: adjective
wrewA: noun
wriBuja: noun
wriBuvana: noun
wrikUta: noun
wrilokI: noun
wripura: noun
wriSaMku: noun
wucCa: adjective
wuka: noun
wulA: noun
wUla: noun
wulanAwmaka: adjective
wulasI: noun
wuMga: adjective
wuMganAWa: noun
wuRAra: noun
wurkI: noun
wurrA: adjective
wuRtIkaraNa: noun
wvacA: noun
wvarA: noun
wvariwa: adjective
xabaMga: noun
xabAva: noun
xabaxabA: noun
XabbA: adjective
XabbexAra: adjective
xagAbAjI: noun
XAgA: adjective
xagA: noun
xahAI: noun
xAha: noun
xahalA: adjective
xahalIja: noun
xahana: noun
xahaSawa: noun
xaheja: noun
xahI: noun
xAhinA: adjective
xAI: noun
xa: noun
xA: noun
XajjI: noun
XAka: noun
xaKala: noun
xAKila: noun
xAKilA: adjective
XakkA: adjective
xakRa: adjective
xakRawA: noun
xakRiNA: noun
xakRiNa: noun
xakRiNI: noun
xAlacInI: noun
xalahana: noun
xAla: noun
xalAlI: noun
xalaxala: noun
xaliwa: adjective
xama: noun
XamAkA: adjective
xamakala: noun
XamakI: noun
xamana: noun
xAmana: noun
XamanI: noun
xamaxAra: adjective
xaMdAwmaka: adjective
xaMdiwa: adjective
xaMgA: adjective
xaMgala: noun
xAmoxara: noun
XaMXA: adjective
XanADya: adjective
xAna: noun
Xana: noun
xAnA: adjective
XanaMjaya: noun
XanarASi: noun
xAnavI: noun
Xanawerasa: noun
xAnexAra: adjective
XaniyA: noun
Xanu: noun
XanuRAkAra: adjective
XanuRkoti: noun
Xanya: adjective
XanyavAxa: noun
xaPA: noun
xaPana: noun
xaragAha: noun
XArA: noun
XarA: noun
XAra: noun
xarAja: noun
XAraka: adjective
xarakAra: noun
xarakinAra: adjective
XAraNA: noun
XAraNa: noun
XaranA: adjective
xaravAjA: adjective
XarAwala: noun
XarawI: noun
XAraxAra: adjective
xariMxA: adjective
xariyA: adjective
xariyAxilI: noun
xarja: noun
xarjA: adjective
XarmaparAyaNa: adjective
XarmapawnI: noun
XarmarAja: noun
XarmArWa: adjective
XarmaSAlA: noun
Xarmayuga: noun
XArmika: noun
xarogA: adjective
xarrA: adjective
xarSanIya: adjective
xArU: noun
xAru: noun
xarxa: noun
xaSA: noun
xaSaka: noun
xaSamI: noun
xAsawA: noun
xaswA: adjective
xaswaka: noun
xaswakArI: noun
xasyu: noun
xAva: noun
xavA: noun
xAvA: adjective
XAvA: adjective
xAvawa: noun
XAwu: noun
xawwa: noun
xAxa: noun
xAxA: noun
xAxarA: adjective
xAxI: noun
xayA: noun
xayAniXi: noun
xayanIya: adjective
xAyara: noun
xAyarA: adjective
xega: noun
xehalI: noun
xehAMwa: noun
xehAvasAna: noun
xEhika: adjective
xeKaBAla: noun
xena: noun
xEnika: adjective
xerI: noun
XErya: noun
xeSaja: adjective
xeSAMwara: noun
xeSavyApI: noun
xesI: noun
xevA: noun
xevakInaMxana: noun
xevanAWa: noun
xevawA: noun
xevaxAra: noun
xigvijaya: noun
xiKAI: noun
xiKa: verb
xiKalAI: noun
xiKAvA: adjective
xIkRA: noun
xIkRAMwa: noun
xIkRiwa: adjective
xilacaspa: adjective
xilacaspI: noun
xilAvara: adjective
xillI: noun
ximAgI: noun
XImA: adjective
xImaka: noun
xinacaryA: noun
xInAnAWa: noun
xInawA: noun
xInaxayAla: noun
xIpamAlA: noun
xIpAvalI: noun
xIpikA: noun
XIrA: noun
XIraja: noun
xIrGa: adjective
xIrGA: noun
xIrGAyu: noun
xiSA: noun
xisaMbara: noun
xivAlA: adjective
xIvAla: noun
xivAlI: noun
xIvAlI: noun
xivAliyA: adjective
xivAna: noun
xIvAnA: adjective
xIvAnI: noun
xivya: adjective
xivyA: noun
xIxI: noun
xiyA: adjective
xogunA: adjective
xohana: noun
xoharAI: noun
xoharI: noun
Xo: verb
XoKA: adjective
XoKebAjI: noun
xOlawa: noun
xOlawamaMxa: adjective
xomaMjilA: adjective
xopahara: noun
xOrA: adjective
xoRAropaNa: noun
xoswAnA: adjective
xoswI: noun
xotUka: adjective
xowaraPA: adjective
XowI: noun
xqRtigocara: adjective
xqRti: noun
Xqwa: adjective
xrava: noun
xravya: noun
xravyamAna: noun
xroha: noun
Xruva: noun
xruwa: noun
xuA: noun
xUBara: noun
xugXa: noun
xuhAI: noun
xuHKI: adjective
xuKA: verb
xuKa: noun
xuKI: noun
XUla: noun
xulAra: noun
xulArA: adjective
xUlhA: adjective
XUma: noun
XUmakewu: noun
XUmaXAma: noun
XUmrapAna: noun
XuMXa: noun
XunAI: noun
xUnA: adjective
XUnI: noun
xuniyA: noun
XUpa: noun
xupattA: adjective
xUraBARa: noun
xUrabIna: noun
xUragAmI: noun
Xura: noun
XuraMXara: noun
xUrasaMcAra: noun
xUraxarSana: noun
xUraxarSI: noun
xUraxarSiwA: noun
xurBAgya: noun
xurbalawA: noun
xurBAvanA: noun
xurgA: noun
xurgama: noun
xurgaMXa: noun
xurGatanA: noun
xURiwa: adjective
xuRkara: noun
xuRkqwi: noun
xurlaBa: noun
xurnivAra: adjective
xurUha: adjective
xuruswa: noun
xurvyavahAra: noun
xurxaSA: noun
xUsarA: adjective
xuSmanI: noun
xussAhasa: noun
xUXa: noun
XuzXalA: adjective
XvaMsa: noun
Xvani: noun
xvArapUjA: noun
Xvaswa: adjective
xveRa: noun
xvi: noun
xvipakRIya: noun
xviwIya: adjective
XyAna: noun
xyowaka: adjective
xyowiwa: adjective
xyUwa: noun
yAcanA: noun
yAcikA: noun
yaha: pronoun
yahUxI: noun
ya: noun
yajFaSAlA: noun
yakIna: noun
yAminI: noun
yAMwrika: adjective
yApana: noun
yaSa: noun
yAwanA: noun
yAwAyAwa: noun
yawi: noun
yAwrA: noun
yAxagAra: noun
yAxaxASwa: noun
yAyAvara: adjective
yogAByAsa: noun
yogaPala: noun
yogeSa: noun
yOgika: adjective
yoginI: noun
yogya: adjective
yogyawA: noun
yojanA: noun
yOna: adjective
yoni: noun
yOvana: noun
yoxXA: noun
yugAMwara: noun
yukwa: noun
yukwi: noun
yukwiyukwa: adjective
yUnAna: noun
yUnivarsitI: noun
yUreniyama: noun
yUropa: noun
yUropIya: adjective
yUropiyana: noun
yuvA: adjective
yUWa: noun
yuXiRTira: noun
yuxXakRewra: noun
yuxXavIra: noun
yUz: noun
